# Labels specific for Open Product Facts (generic products: not food, pet food or beauty)

# French reparability index

# Labels specific for Open Product Facts (generic products: not food, pet food or beauty)

# French reparability index

en: Repairability index 0.0 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 0.0
value:en: 0.0

en: Repairability index 0.1 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 0.1
value:en: 0.1

en: Repairability index 0.2 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 0.2
value:en: 0.2

en: Repairability index 0.3 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 0.3
value:en: 0.3

en: Repairability index 0.4 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 0.4
value:en: 0.4

en: Repairability index 0.5 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 0.5
value:en: 0.5

en: Repairability index 0.6 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 0.6
value:en: 0.6

en: Repairability index 0.7 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 0.7
value:en: 0.7

en: Repairability index 0.8 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 0.8
value:en: 0.8

en: Repairability index 0.9 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 0.9
value:en: 0.9

en: Repairability index 1.0 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 1.0
value:en: 1.0

en: Repairability index 1.1 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 1.1
value:en: 1.1

en: Repairability index 1.2 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 1.2
value:en: 1.2

en: Repairability index 1.3 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 1.3
value:en: 1.3

en: Repairability index 1.4 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 1.4
value:en: 1.4

en: Repairability index 1.5 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 1.5
value:en: 1.5

en: Repairability index 1.6 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 1.6
value:en: 1.6

en: Repairability index 1.7 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 1.7
value:en: 1.7

en: Repairability index 1.8 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 1.8
value:en: 1.8

en: Repairability index 1.9 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 1.9
value:en: 1.9

en: Repairability index 2.0 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 2.0
value:en: 2.0

en: Repairability index 2.1 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 2.1
value:en: 2.1

en: Repairability index 2.2 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 2.2
value:en: 2.2

en: Repairability index 2.3 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 2.3
value:en: 2.3

en: Repairability index 2.4 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 2.4
value:en: 2.4

en: Repairability index 2.5 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 2.5
value:en: 2.5

en: Repairability index 2.6 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 2.6
value:en: 2.6

en: Repairability index 2.7 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 2.7
value:en: 2.7

en: Repairability index 2.8 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 2.8
value:en: 2.8

en: Repairability index 2.9 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 2.9
value:en: 2.9

en: Repairability index 3.0 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 3.0
value:en: 3.0

en: Repairability index 3.1 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 3.1
value:en: 3.1

en: Repairability index 3.2 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 3.2
value:en: 3.2

en: Repairability index 3.3 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 3.3
value:en: 3.3

en: Repairability index 3.4 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 3.4
value:en: 3.4

en: Repairability index 3.5 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 3.5
value:en: 3.5

en: Repairability index 3.6 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 3.6
value:en: 3.6

en: Repairability index 3.7 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 3.7
value:en: 3.7

en: Repairability index 3.8 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 3.8
value:en: 3.8

en: Repairability index 3.9 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 3.9
value:en: 3.9

en: Repairability index 4.0 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 4.0
value:en: 4.0

en: Repairability index 4.1 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 4.1
value:en: 4.1

en: Repairability index 4.2 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 4.2
value:en: 4.2

en: Repairability index 4.3 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 4.3
value:en: 4.3

en: Repairability index 4.4 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 4.4
value:en: 4.4

en: Repairability index 4.5 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 4.5
value:en: 4.5

en: Repairability index 4.6 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 4.6
value:en: 4.6

en: Repairability index 4.7 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 4.7
value:en: 4.7

en: Repairability index 4.8 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 4.8
value:en: 4.8

en: Repairability index 4.9 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 4.9
value:en: 4.9

en: Repairability index 5.0 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 5.0
value:en: 5.0

en: Repairability index 5.1 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 5.1
value:en: 5.1

en: Repairability index 5.2 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 5.2
value:en: 5.2

en: Repairability index 5.3 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 5.3
value:en: 5.3

en: Repairability index 5.4 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 5.4
value:en: 5.4

en: Repairability index 5.5 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 5.5
value:en: 5.5

en: Repairability index 5.6 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 5.6
value:en: 5.6

en: Repairability index 5.7 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 5.7
value:en: 5.7

en: Repairability index 5.8 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 5.8
value:en: 5.8

en: Repairability index 5.9 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 5.9
value:en: 5.9

en: Repairability index 6.0 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 6.0
value:en: 6.0

en: Repairability index 6.1 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 6.1
value:en: 6.1

en: Repairability index 6.2 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 6.2
value:en: 6.2

en: Repairability index 6.3 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 6.3
value:en: 6.3

en: Repairability index 6.4 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 6.4
value:en: 6.4

en: Repairability index 6.5 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 6.5
value:en: 6.5

en: Repairability index 6.6 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 6.6
value:en: 6.6

en: Repairability index 6.7 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 6.7
value:en: 6.7

en: Repairability index 6.8 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 6.8
value:en: 6.8

en: Repairability index 6.9 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 6.9
value:en: 6.9

en: Repairability index 7.0 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 7.0
value:en: 7.0

en: Repairability index 7.1 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 7.1
value:en: 7.1

en: Repairability index 7.2 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 7.2
value:en: 7.2

en: Repairability index 7.3 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 7.3
value:en: 7.3

en: Repairability index 7.4 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 7.4
value:en: 7.4

en: Repairability index 7.5 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 7.5
value:en: 7.5

en: Repairability index 7.6 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 7.6
value:en: 7.6

en: Repairability index 7.7 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 7.7
value:en: 7.7

en: Repairability index 7.8 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 7.8
value:en: 7.8

en: Repairability index 7.9 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 7.9
value:en: 7.9

en: Repairability index 8.0 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 8.0
value:en: 8.0

en: Repairability index 8.1 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 8.1
value:en: 8.1

en: Repairability index 8.2 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 8.2
value:en: 8.2

en: Repairability index 8.3 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 8.3
value:en: 8.3

en: Repairability index 8.4 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 8.4
value:en: 8.4

en: Repairability index 8.5 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 8.5
value:en: 8.5

en: Repairability index 8.6 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 8.6
value:en: 8.6

value:en: 8.7

en: Repairability index 8.8 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 8.8
value:en: 8.8

en: Repairability index 8.9 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 8.9
value:en: 8.9

en: Repairability index 9.0 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 9.0
value:en: 9.0

en: Repairability index 9.1 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 9.1
value:en: 9.1

en: Repairability index 9.2 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 9.2
value:en: 9.2

en: Repairability index 9.3 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 9.3
value:en: 9.3

en: Repairability index 9.4 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 9.4
value:en: 9.4

en: Repairability index 9.5 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 9.5
value:en: 9.5

en: Repairability index 9.6 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 9.6
value:en: 9.6

en: Repairability index 9.7 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 9.7
value:en: 9.7

en: Repairability index 9.8 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 9.8
value:en: 9.8

en: Repairability index 9.9 - France
fr: Indice de réparabilité 9.9
value:en: 9.9

