

en:Cystine (4)
bg:Цистин
cs:Cystin
de:Cystin
el:Κυστίνη
es:Cistina
et:tsüstiin
fi:Kystiini
hu:Cisztin
it:cistina
lt:Cistinas
lv:Cistīns
mt:Ċistina
pl:cystyna
pt:Cistina
ro:cistină
sk:Cystín
sl:cistin
sv:Cystin

en:glycine
bg:Глицин
cs:glycin
de:Glycin
el:γλυκίνη
es:Glicina
et:glütsiin
fi:glysiini
hu:glicin
it:glicina
lt:glicinas
lv:glicīns
mt:gliċina
pl:glicyna
pt:glicina
ro:glicină
sk:glycín
sl:glicin
sv:glycin

en:L-alanine
bg:L-аланин
de:L-Alanin
hu:L-alanin
it:L-alanina
lt:L-alaninas
ro:L-alanină
sk:L-alanín
sl:L-alanin
sv:L-alanin

en:L-arginine
bg:L-аргинин
cs:L-arginin
de:L-Arginin
el:L-αργινίνη
es:L-arginina
et:L-arginiin
fi:L-arginiini
hu:L-arginin
it:L-arginina
lt:L-argininas
lv:L-arginīns
mt:L-arġinina:
pl:L-arginina
pt:L-arginina
ro:L-arginină
sk:L-arginín
sl:L-arginin
sv:L-arginin

en:L-arginine-L-aspartate
bg:L-аргинин-L-аспартат
cs:L-arginin-L-aspartát
de:L-Arginin-L-Aspartat
el:L-ασπαρτική-L-αργινίνη
es:L-aspartato de L-arginina
et:L-arginiin-L-aspartaat
fi:L-arginiini-L-aspartaatti
hu:L-arginin-L-aszpartát
it:L-arginina-L-aspartato
lt:L-arginin-L-aspartatas
lv:L-arginīns-L-aspartāts
mt:L-arġinina-L-aspartat
nl:L-arginine-L-aspartaat
pl:L-asparaginian L-argininy
pt:L-arginina-L-aspartato
ro:L-arginină-L-aspartat
sk:L-arginín-L-aspartát
sl:L-arginin-L-aspartat
sv:L-arginin-L-aspartat

en:L-aspartic acid
bg:L-аспарагинова киселина
cs:L-asparagová kyselina
de:L-Asparaginsäure
el:L-ασπαρτικό οξύ
es:Ácido L-aspártico
et:L-asparagiinhape
fi:L-asparagiinihappo
fr:L-acide aspartique
hu:L-aszparaginsav
it:acido L-aspartico
lt:L-asparto rūgštis
lv:L-asparagīnskābe
mt:L-aċidu aspartiku
nl:L-asparaginezuur
pl:kwas L-asparaginowy
pt:ácido L-aspártico
ro:acid L-aspartic
sk:kyselina L-asparágová
sl:L-asparaginska kislina
sv:L-asparaginsyra

en:L-citrulline
bg:L-цитрулин
cs:L-citrullin
de:L-Citrullin
el:L-κιτρουλίνη
es:L-citrulina
et:L-tsitrulliin
fi:L-sitrulliini
hu:L-citrullin
it:L-citrulina
lt:L-citrulinas
lv:L-citrulīns
mt:L-ċitrullina
pl:L-cytrulina
pt:L-citrulina
ro:L-citrulină
sk:L-citrulín
sl:L-citrulin
sv:L-citrullin

en:L-cysteine
bg:L-цистеин
cs:L-cystein
de:L-Cystein
el:L-κυστεΐνη
es:L-cisteína
et:L-tsüsteiin
fi:L-kysteiini
fr:L-cystéine
hu:L-cisztein
it:L-cisteina
lt:L-cisteinas
lv:L-cisteīns
mt:L-ċisteina
nl:L-cysteïne
pl:L-cysteina
pt:L-cisteína
ro:L-cisteină
sk:L-cysteín
sl:L-cistein
sv:L-cystein

en:L-glutamic acid
bg:L-глутаминова киселина
cs:L-glutamová kyselina
de:L-Glutaminsäure
el:L-γλουταμικό οξύ
es:Ácido L-glutámico
et:L-glutamiinhape
fi:L-glutamiinihappo
fr:L-acide glutamique
hu:L-glutaminsav
it:acido L-glutammico
lt:L-glutamo rūgštis
lv:L-glutamīnskābe
mt:L-aċidu glutamiku
nl:L-glutaminezuur
pl:L-kwas glutaminowy
pt:ácido L-glutâmico
ro:acid L-glutamic
sk:kyselina L-glutamínová
sl:L-glutaminska kislina
sv:L-glutaminsyra

en:L-glutamine
bg:L-глутамин
cs:L-glutamin
de:L-Glutamin
el:L-γλουταμίνη
es:L-glutamina
et:L-glutamiin
fi:L-glutamiini
hu:L-glutamin
it:L-glutamina
lt:L-glutaminas
lv:L-glutamīns
mt:L-glutamina
pl:L-glutamina
pt:L-glutamina
ro:L-glutamină
sk:L-glutamín
sl:L-glutamin
sv:L-glutamin

en:L-histidine
bg:L-хистидин
cs:L-histidin
de:L-Histidin
el:L-ιστιδίνη
es:L-histidina
et:L-histidiin
fi:L-histidiini
hu:L-hisztidin
it:L-istidina
lt:L-histidinas
lv:L-histidīns
mt:L-istidina
pl:L-histydyna
pt:L-histidina
ro:L-histidină
sk:L-histidín
sl:L-histidin
sv:L-histidin

en:L-isoleucine
bg:L-изолевцин
cs:L-isoleucin
de:L-Isoleucin
el:L-ισολευκίνη
es:L-isoleucina
et:L-isoleutsiin
fi:L-isoleusiini
hu:L-izoleucin
it:L-isoleucina
lt:L-izoleucinas
lv:L-izoleicīns
mt:L-isolewċina
pl:L-izoleucyna
pt:L-isoleucina
ro:L-izoleucină
sk:L-isoleucín
sl:L-izolevcin
sv:L-isoleucin

en:L-leucine
bg:L-левцин
cs:L-leucin
de:L-Leucin
el:L-λευκίνη
es:L-leucina
et:L-leutsiin
fi:L-leusiini
hu:L-leucin
it:L-leucina
lt:L-leucinas
lv:L-leicīns
mt:Il-lewċina
pl:L-leucyna
pt:L-leucina
ro:L-leucină
sk:L-leucín
sl:L-levcin
sv:L-leucin

en:L-lysine
bg:L-лизин
cs:L-lysin
de:L-Lysin
el:L-λυσίνη
es:L-lisina
et:L-lüsiin
fi:L-lysiini
hu:L-lizin
it:L-lisina
lt:L-lizinas
lv:L-lizīns
mt:L-liżina
pl:L-lizyna
pt:L-lisina
ro:L-lizină
sk:L-lyzín
sl:L-lizin
sv:L-lysin

en:L-lysine acetate
bg:L-лизин ацетат
cs:L-lysin-acetát
de:L-Lysinacetat
el:οξική L-λυσίνη
es:acetato de L-lisina
et:L-lüsiinatsetaat
fi:L-lysiiniasetaatti
fr:L-lysine acétate
hu:L-lizin-acetát
it:acetato di L-lisina
lt:L-lizino acetatas
lv:L-lizīna acetāts
mt:aċetat tal-L-liżina
nl:L-lysineacetaat
pl:octan L-lizyny
pt:acetato de L-lisina
ro:acetat de L-lizină
sk:L-lyzínoctan
sl:L-lizin acetat
sv:L-lysinacetat

en:L-lysine-L-aspartate
bg:L-лизин-L-аспартат
cs:L-lysin-L-aspartát
de:L-Lysin-L-Aspartat
el:L-ασπαρτική-L-λυσίνη
es:L-aspartato de L-lisina
et:L-lüsiin-L-aspartaat
fi:L-lysiini-L-aspartaatti
hu:L-lizin-L-aszpartát
it:L-lisina-L-aspartato
lt:L-lizin-L-aspartatas
lv:L-lizīns-L-aspartāts
mt:L-liżina-L-aspartat
nl:L-lysine-L-aspartaat
pl:L-asparaginian L-lizyny
pt:L-lisina-L-aspartato
ro:L-lizină-L-aspartat
sk:L-lyzín-L-aspartát
sl:L-lizin-L-aspartat
sv:L-lysin-L-aspartat

en:L-lysine-L-glutamate
bg:L-лизин-L-глутамат
cs:L-lysin-L-glutamát
de:L-Lysin-L-Glutamat
el:L-γλουταμινική-L-λυσίνη
es:L-glutamato de L-lisina
et:L-lüsiin-L-glutamaat
fi:L-lysiini-L-glutamaatti
hu:L-lizin-L-glutamát
it:L-lisina-L-glutammato
lt:L-lizin-L-glutamatas
lv:L-lizīns-L-glutamāts
mt:L-liżina-L-glutamat
nl:L-lysine-L-glutamaat
pl:L-glutaminian L-lizyny
pt:L-lisina-L-glutamato
ro:L-lizină-L-glutamat
sk:L-lyzín-L-glutaman
sl:L-lizin-L-glutamat
sv:L-lysin-L-glutamat

en:L-methionine
bg:L-метионин
cs:L-methionin
de:L-Methionin
el:L-μεθειονίνη
es:L-metionina
et:L-metioniin
fi:L-metioniini
fr:L-méthionine
hu:L-metionin
it:L-metionina
lt:L-metioninas
lv:L-metionīns
mt:L-metionina
pl:L-metionina
pt:L-metionina
ro:L-metionină
sk:L-metionín
sl:L-metionin
sv:L-metionin

en:L-ornithine
bg:L-орнитин
cs:L-ornithin
de:L-Ornithin
el:L-ορνιθίνη
es:L-ornitina
et:L-ornitiin
fi:L-ornitiini
hu:L-ornitin
it:L-ornitina
lt:L-ornitinas
lv:L-ornitīns
mt:L-ornitina
pl:L-ornityna
pt:L-ornitina
ro:L-ornitină
sk:L-ornitín
sl:L-ornitin
sv:L-ornitin

en:L-phenylalanine
bg:L-фенилаланин
cs:L-fenylalanin
de:L-Phenylalanin
el:L-φαινυλαλανίνη
es:L-fenilalanina
et:L-fenüülalaniin
fi:L-fenyylialaniini
fr:L-phénylalanine
hu:L-fenilalanin
it:L-fenilalanina
lt:L-fenilalaninas
lv:L-fenilalanīns
mt:L-fenilalanina
nl:L-fenylalanine
pl:L-fenyloalanina
pt:L-fenilalanina
ro:L-fenilalanină
sk:L-fenylalanín
sl:L-fenilalanin
sv:L-fenylalanin

en:L-proline
bg:L-пролин
cs:L-prolin
de:L-Prolin
el:L-προλίνη
es:L-prolina
et:L-proliin
fi:L-proliini
hu:L-prolin
it:L-prolina
lt:L-prolinas
lv:L-prolīns
mt:L-prolina
pl:L-prolina
pt:L-prolina
ro:L-prolină
sk:L-prolín
sl:L-prolin
sv:L-prolin

en:L-serine
bg:L-серин
cs:L-serin
de:L-Serin
el:L-σερίνη
es:L-serina
et:L-seriin
fi:L-seriini
fr:L-sérine
hu:L-szerin
it:L-serina
lt:L-serinas
lv:L-serīns
mt:L-serina
pl:L-seryna
pt:L-serina
ro:L-serină
sk:L- serín
sl:L-serin
sv:L-serin

en:L-threonine
bg:L-треонин
cs:L-threonin
de:L-Threonin
el:L-θρεονίνη
es:L-treonina
et:L-treoniin
fi:L-treoniini
fr:L-thréonine
hu:L-treonin
it:L-treonina
lt:L-treoninas
lv:L-treonīns
mt:L-treonina
pl:L-treonina
pt:L-treonina
ro:L-treonină
sk:L-treonín
sl:L-treonin
sv:L-treonin

en:L-tryptophan
bg:L-триптофан
cs:L-tryptofan
el:L-τρυπτοφάνη
es:L-triptófano
et:L-trüptofaan
fi:L-tryptofaani
fr:L-tryptophane
hu:L-triptofán
it:L-triptofano
lt:L-triptofanas
lv:L-triptofāns
mt:L-triptofanina
nl:L-tryptofaan
pl:L-tryptofan
pt:L-triptofano
ro:L-triptofan
sk:L-tryptofan
sl:L-triptofan
sv:L-tryptofan

en:L-tyrosine
bg:L-тирозин
cs:L-thyrosin
de:L-Tyrosin
el:L-τυροσίνη
es:L-tirosina
et:L-türosiin
fi:L-tyrosiini
hu:L-tirozin
it:L-tirosina
lt:L-tirozinas
lv:L-tirozīns
mt:L-tirosina
pl:L-tyrozyna
pt:L-tirosina
ro:L-tirozină
sk:L-tyrozín
sl:L-tirozin
sv:L-tyrosin

en:L-valine
bg:L-валин
cs:L-valin
de:L-Valin
el:L-βαλίνη
es:L-valina
et:L-valiin
fi:L-valiini
hu:L-valin
it:L-valina
lt:L-valinas
lv:L-valīns
mt:L-valina
pl:L-walina
pt:L-valina
ro:L-valină
sk:L-valín
sl:L-valin
sv:L-valin

en:N-acetyl-L-cysteine
bg:N-ацетил-L-цистеин
cs:N-acetyl-L-cystein
de:N-Acetyl-L-Cystein
el:N-ακετυλο-L-κυστεΐνη
es:N-acetil de L-cisteína
et:N-atsetüül-L-tsüsteiin
fi:N-asetyyli-L-kysteiini
fr:N-acétyl-L-cystéine
hu:N-acetil-L-cisztein
it:N-acetil-L-cisteina
lt:N-acetil-L-cisteinas
lv:N-acetil-L-cisteīns
mt:N-aċetil-L-ċisteina
nl:N-acetyl-L-cysteïne
pl:N-acetylo-L-cysteina
pt:N-acetil-L-cisteína
ro:N-acetil-L-cisteină
sk:N-acetyl-L-cysteín
sl:N-acetil-L-cistein
sv:N-acetyl-L-cystein

en:N-acetyl-L-methionine
bg:N-ацетил-L-метионин
cs:N-acetyl-L-methionin
de:N-Acetyl-L-Methionin
el:N-ακετυλο-L-μεθειονίνη
es:N-acetil de L-metionina
et:N-atsetüül-L-metioniin
fi:N-asetyyli-L-metioniini
fr:N-acétyl-L-méthionine
hu:N-acetil-L-metionin
it:N-acetil-L-metionina
lt:N-acetil-L-metioninas
lv:N-acetil-L-metionīns
mt:N-aċetil-L-metjonina
pl:N-acetylo-L-metionina
pt:N-acetil-L-metionina
ro:N-acetil-L-metionină
sk:N-acetyl-L-metionín
sl:N-acetil-L-metionin
sv:N-acetyl-L-metionin

