# The [taxonomy name].results.txt files are generated by build_tags_taxonomy.pl.
# Do not edit this file manually. Edit instead the [taxonomy name].txt source.



en:Alcoholic beverages

en:Beverages

< en:Beverages
en:Artificially sweetened beverages

< en:Beverages
en:Fruit juices

< en:Beverages
en:Fruit nectars

< en:Beverages
en:Plant-based milk substitutes

< en:Beverages
en:Sweetened beverages

< en:Beverages
en:Teas and herbal teas and coffees

< en:Beverages
en:Unsweetened beverages

< en:Beverages
en:Waters and flavored waters

< en:Bread
en:White bread

< en:Bread
en:White soft bread

< en:Bread
en:Whole grain bread

< en:Bread
en:Whole grain soft bread

< en:Cereals
en:Other refined cereals

< en:Cereals
en:Other whole grain cereals

< en:Cereals
en:White pasta
nl:Witte pasta

< en:Cereals
en:White rice
nl:Witte rijst

< en:Cereals
en:Whole grain pasta

< en:Cereals
en:Whole grain rice

en:Cereals and potatoes

< en:Cereals and potatoes
en:Bread
nl:Brood

< en:Cereals and potatoes
en:Breakfast cereals
nl:Ontbijtgranen

< en:Cereals and potatoes
en:Cereals

< en:Cereals and potatoes
en:Legumes

< en:Cereals and potatoes
en:Potatoes
nl:Aardappelen

< en:Cheese
en:Blue cheese
fr:Fromage persillé

< en:Cheese
en:Hard cheese
fr:Fromage à pâte pressée cuite

< en:Cheese
en:Soft cheese
fr:Fromage à pâte molle

< en:Chocolate products
en:Dark chocolate
nl:Pure chocolade

< en:Chocolate products
en:Milk chocolate
nl:Melkchocolade

< en:Chocolate products
en:Other chocolate-based products

< en:Chocolate products
en:White chocolate
nl:Witte chocolade

en:Composite foods

< en:Composite foods
en:One-dish meals

< en:Composite foods
en:Pizza pies and quiches

< en:Composite foods
en:Sandwiches

< en:Dressings and sauces
en:Dressings

< en:Dressings and sauces
en:Sauces

< en:Fats
en:Animal fats

< en:Fats
en:Vegetable margarines

< en:Fats
en:Vegetable oils

en:Fats and sauces

< en:Fats and sauces
en:Dressings and sauces

< en:Fats and sauces
en:Fats

< en:Fish and seafood
en:Fatty fish

< en:Fish and seafood
en:Lean fish

< en:Fish and seafood
en:Seafood

< en:Fish and seafood
en:Smoked fish

en:Fish‚ Meat‚ Eggs

< en:Fish‚ Meat‚ Eggs
en:Eggs
nl:Eieren

< en:Fish‚ Meat‚ Eggs
en:Fish and seafood

< en:Fish‚ Meat‚ Eggs
en:Meat
nl:Vlees

< en:Fish‚ Meat‚ Eggs
en:Offals

< en:Fish‚ Meat‚ Eggs
en:Processed meat

en:Fresh cheese
fr:Fromage frais ou spécialité laitière fraiche

en:Fruits and vegetables

< en:Fruits and vegetables
en:Dehydrated Soups

< en:Fruits and vegetables
en:Dried fruits
nl:Gedroogde vruchten, gedroogd fruit

< en:Fruits and vegetables
en:Fresh soups
nl:Verse soepen

< en:Fruits and vegetables
en:Fruits
nl:Fruit

< en:Fruits and vegetables
en:Soups
nl:Soepen

< en:Fruits and vegetables
en:Vegetables
nl:Groenten

< en:Meat
en:Meat other than poultry

< en:Meat
en:Poultry
nl:Gevogelte

en:Milk and dairy products

< en:Milk and dairy products
en:Cheese
nl:Kaas

< en:Milk and dairy products
en:Dairy desserts

< en:Milk and dairy products
en:Ice cream
nl:Ijs, ijsjes

< en:Milk and dairy products
en:Milk and yogurt

< en:Milk and yogurt
en:Plain milk and yogurt

< en:Milk and yogurt
en:Sweetened milk and yogurt

< en:Nuts
en:Nut butter

< en:Nuts
en:Salted nuts
nl:Gezouten noten

< en:Nuts
en:Unsalted nuts
nl:Ongezouten noten

en:Processed cheese
fr:Fromage fondu

en:Salty snacks
nl:Zoute snacks

< en:Salty snacks
en:Appetizers

< en:Salty snacks
en:Nuts
nl:Noten

< en:Salty snacks
en:Salty and fatty products

en:Sugary snacks

< en:Sugary snacks
en:Biscuits and cakes

< en:Sugary snacks
en:Chocolate products
nl:Chocoladeproducten

< en:Sugary snacks
en:Pastries

< en:Sugary snacks
en:Sweets

en:Unknown food group 1

en:Unknown food group 2

en:Unknown food group 3

