

en:Fat in high quantity
aa:Fat in high quantity
ab:Fat in high quantity
ae:Fat in high quantity
af:Fat in high quantity
ak:Fat in high quantity
am:Fat in high quantity
an:Fat in high quantity
ar:الدهون في كمية عالية
as:Fat in high quantity
av:Fat in high quantity
ay:Fat in high quantity
az:Fat in high quantity
ba:Fat in high quantity
be:Fat in high quantity
bg:Мазнини in high quantity
bh:Fat in high quantity
bi:Fat in high quantity
bm:Fat in high quantity
bn:Fat in high quantity
bo:Fat in high quantity
br:Fat in high quantity
bs:Fat in high quantity
ca:Fat en alta quantitat
ce:Fat in high quantity
ch:Fat in high quantity
co:Fat in high quantity
cr:Fat in high quantity
cs:Tuky in vysoké množství
cu:Fat in high quantity
cv:Fat in high quantity
cy:Fat in high quantity
da:Fedt i stor mængde
de:Fett in großen Mengen
dv:Fat in high quantity
dz:Fat in high quantity
ee:Fat in high quantity
el:Λιπαρά σε υψηλή ποσότητα
eo:Fat in high quantity
es:Grasas en cantidad elevada
et:Rasvad in high quantity
eu:Fat in high quantity
fa:Fat in high quantity
ff:Fat in high quantity
fi:Rasva in suuri määrä
fj:Fat in high quantity
fo:Fat in high quantity
fr:Matières grasses / Lipides en quantité élevée
fy:Fat in high quantity
ga:Saill in high quantity
gd:Fat in high quantity
gl:Fat in high quantity
gn:Fat in high quantity
gu:Fat in high quantity
gv:Fat in high quantity
ha:Fat in high quantity
he:שומנים ב־כמות גדולה
hi:Fat in high quantity
ho:Fat in high quantity
hr:Fat in high quantity
ht:Fat in high quantity
hu:Zsír nagy mennyiségben
hy:Fat in high quantity
hz:Fat in high quantity
ia:Fat in high quantity
id:Fat di kuantitas tinggi
ie:Fat in high quantity
ig:Fat in high quantity
ii:Fat in high quantity
ik:Fat in high quantity
io:Fat in high quantity
is:Fat in high quantity
it:Grassi in elevata quantità
iu:Fat in high quantity
ja:脂質 / 多量
jv:Fat in high quantity
ka:Fat in high quantity
kg:Fat in high quantity
ki:Fat in high quantity
kj:Fat in high quantity
kk:Fat in high quantity
kl:Fat in high quantity
km:Fat in high quantity
kn:Fat in high quantity
ko:Fat in 높은 양
kr:Fat in high quantity
ks:Fat in high quantity
ku:Fat in high quantity
kv:Fat in high quantity
kw:Fat in high quantity
ky:Fat in high quantity
la:Fat in high quantity
lb:Fat in héich Quantitéit
lg:Fat in high quantity
li:Fat in high quantity
ln:Fat in high quantity
lo:Fat in high quantity
lt:Riebalai in high quantity
lu:Fat in high quantity
lv:Tauki high quantity
mg:Fat in high quantity
mh:Fat in high quantity
mi:Fat in high quantity
mk:Fat in high quantity
ml:Fat in high quantity
mo:Fat in high quantity
mr:Fat in high quantity
ms:Fat in high quantity
mt:Xaħmijiet in high quantity
my:Fat in high quantity
na:Fat in high quantity
nb:Fett i high quantity
nd:Fat in high quantity
ne:Fat in high quantity
ng:Fat in high quantity
nl:Vetten in grote hoeveelheid
nn:Fat i high quantity
no:Fat i high quantity
nr:Fat in high quantity
nv:Fat in high quantity
ny:Fat in high quantity
oc:Fat dins high quantity
oj:Fat in high quantity
om:Fat in high quantity
or:Fat in high quantity
os:Fat in high quantity
pa:Fat in high quantity
pi:Fat in high quantity
pl:Tłuszcz w wysoka ilość
ps:Fat in high quantity
pt:Gorduras em quantidade elevada
qu:Fat in high quantity
rm:Fat in high quantity
rn:Fat in high quantity
ro:Grăsimi în cantitate mare
ru:Жиры в высокое количество
rw:Fat in high quantity
sa:Fat in high quantity
sc:Fat in high quantity
sd:Fat in high quantity
se:Fat in high quantity
sg:Fat in high quantity
si:Fat in high quantity
sk:Tuky in high quantity
sl:Maščobe v velika količina
sm:Fat in high quantity
sn:Fat in high quantity
so:Fat in high quantity
sq:Fat in high quantity
sr:Fat in high quantity
ss:Fat in high quantity
st:Fat in high quantity
su:Fat in high quantity
sv:Fett i hög kvantitet
sw:Fat in high quantity
ta:Fat in high quantity
te:Fat in high quantity
tg:Fat in high quantity
th:Fat in ปริมาณสูง
ti:Fat in high quantity
tk:Fat in high quantity
tl:Fat sa malaking kandidad
tn:Fat in high quantity
to:Fat in high quantity
tr:Fat içindeyüksek miktarda
ts:Fat in high quantity
tt:Fat in high quantity
tw:Fat in high quantity
ty:Fat in high quantity
ug:Fat in يۇقىرى سۈپەت
uk:Fat in high quantity
ur:Fat in high quantity
uz:Fat in high quantity
ve:Fat in high quantity
vi:Fat trong lượng cao
vo:Fat in high quantity
wo:Fat in high quantity
xh:Fat in high quantity
xx:Fat in high quantity
yi:Fat in high quantity
yo:Fat in high quantity
za:Fat in high quantity
zh:脂肪在最高含量中
zu:Fat in high quantity

en:Fat in low quantity
aa:Fat in low quantity
ab:Fat in low quantity
ae:Fat in low quantity
af:Fat in low quantity
ak:Fat in low quantity
am:Fat in low quantity
an:Fat in low quantity
ar:الدهون في كمية قليلة
as:Fat in low quantity
av:Fat in low quantity
ay:Fat in low quantity
az:Fat in low quantity
ba:Fat in low quantity
be:Fat in low quantity
bg:Мазнини in low quantity
bh:Fat in low quantity
bi:Fat in low quantity
bm:Fat in low quantity
bn:Fat in low quantity
bo:Fat in low quantity
br:Fat in low quantity
bs:Fat in low quantity
ca:Fat en baixa quantitat
ce:Fat in low quantity
ch:Fat in low quantity
co:Fat in low quantity
cr:Fat in low quantity
cs:Tuky in malé množství
cu:Fat in low quantity
cv:Fat in low quantity
cy:Fat in low quantity
da:Fedt i lav mængde
de:Fett in geringen Mengen
dv:Fat in low quantity
dz:Fat in low quantity
ee:Fat in low quantity
el:Λιπαρά σε μικρή ποσότητα
eo:Fat in low quantity
es:Grasas en cantidad baja
et:Rasvad in low quantity
eu:Fat in low quantity
fa:Fat in low quantity
ff:Fat in low quantity
fi:Rasva in low quantity
fj:Fat in low quantity
fo:Fat in low quantity
fr:Matières grasses / Lipides en faible quantité
fy:Fat in low quantity
ga:Saill in low quantity
gd:Fat in low quantity
gl:Fat in low quantity
gn:Fat in low quantity
gu:Fat in low quantity
gv:Fat in low quantity
ha:Fat in low quantity
he:שומנים ב־כמות נמוכה
hi:Fat in low quantity
ho:Fat in low quantity
hr:Fat in low quantity
ht:Fat in low quantity
hu:Zsír kis mennyiségben
hy:Fat in low quantity
hz:Fat in low quantity
ia:Fat in low quantity
id:Fat di kuantitas rendah
ie:Fat in low quantity
ig:Fat in low quantity
ii:Fat in low quantity
ik:Fat in low quantity
io:Fat in low quantity
is:Fat in low quantity
it:Grassi in bassa quantità
iu:Fat in low quantity
ja:脂質 / 少量
jv:Fat in low quantity
ka:Fat in low quantity
kg:Fat in low quantity
ki:Fat in low quantity
kj:Fat in low quantity
kk:Fat in low quantity
kl:Fat in low quantity
km:Fat in low quantity
kn:Fat in low quantity
ko:Fat in low quantity
kr:Fat in low quantity
ks:Fat in low quantity
ku:Fat in low quantity
kv:Fat in low quantity
kw:Fat in low quantity
ky:Fat in low quantity
la:Fat in low quantity
lb:Fat in low quantity
lg:Fat in low quantity
li:Fat in low quantity
ln:Fat in low quantity
lo:Fat in low quantity
lt:Riebalai in low quantity
lu:Fat in low quantity
lv:Tauki low quantity
mg:Fat in low quantity
mh:Fat in low quantity
mi:Fat in low quantity
mk:Fat in low quantity
ml:Fat in low quantity
mo:Fat in low quantity
mr:Fat in low quantity
ms:Fat in low quantity
mt:Xaħmijiet in low quantity
my:Fat in low quantity
na:Fat in low quantity
nb:Fett i low quantity
nd:Fat in low quantity
ne:Fat in low quantity
ng:Fat in low quantity
nl:Vetten in kleine hoeveelheid
nn:Fat i low quantity
no:Fat i low quantity
nr:Fat in low quantity
nv:Fat in low quantity
ny:Fat in low quantity
oc:Fat dins low quantity
oj:Fat in low quantity
om:Fat in low quantity
or:Fat in low quantity
os:Fat in low quantity
pa:Fat in low quantity
pi:Fat in low quantity
pl:Tłuszcz w mała ilość
ps:Fat in low quantity
pt:Gorduras em quantidade baixa
qu:Fat in low quantity
rm:Fat in low quantity
rn:Fat in low quantity
ro:Grăsimi în cantitate mică
ru:Жиры в небольшое количество
rw:Fat in low quantity
sa:Fat in low quantity
sc:Fat in low quantity
sd:Fat in low quantity
se:Fat in low quantity
sg:Fat in low quantity
si:Fat in low quantity
sk:Tuky in low quantity
sl:Maščobe v majhna količina
sm:Fat in low quantity
sn:Fat in low quantity
so:Fat in low quantity
sq:Fat in low quantity
sr:Fat in low quantity
ss:Fat in low quantity
st:Fat in low quantity
su:Fat in low quantity
sv:Fett i låg kvantitet
sw:Fat in low quantity
ta:Fat in low quantity
te:Fat in low quantity
tg:Fat in low quantity
th:Fat in low quantity
ti:Fat in low quantity
tk:Fat in low quantity
tl:Fat sa kaunting kandidad
tn:Fat in low quantity
to:Fat in low quantity
tr:Fat içindedüşük miktar
ts:Fat in low quantity
tt:Fat in low quantity
tw:Fat in low quantity
ty:Fat in low quantity
ug:Fat in low quantity
uk:Fat in low quantity
ur:Fat in low quantity
uz:Fat in low quantity
ve:Fat in low quantity
vi:Fat trong số lượng thấp
vo:Fat in low quantity
wo:Fat in low quantity
xh:Fat in low quantity
xx:Fat in low quantity
yi:Fat in low quantity
yo:Fat in low quantity
za:Fat in low quantity
zh:脂肪在存量少中
zu:Fat in low quantity

en:Fat in moderate quantity
aa:Fat in moderate quantity
ab:Fat in moderate quantity
ae:Fat in moderate quantity
af:Fat in moderate quantity
ak:Fat in moderate quantity
am:Fat in moderate quantity
an:Fat in moderate quantity
ar:الدهون في كمية معتدلة
as:Fat in moderate quantity
av:Fat in moderate quantity
ay:Fat in moderate quantity
az:Fat in moderate quantity
ba:Fat in moderate quantity
be:Fat in moderate quantity
bg:Мазнини in moderate quantity
bh:Fat in moderate quantity
bi:Fat in moderate quantity
bm:Fat in moderate quantity
bn:Fat in moderate quantity
bo:Fat in moderate quantity
br:Fat in moderate quantity
bs:Fat in moderate quantity
ca:Fat en Quantitat moderada
ce:Fat in moderate quantity
ch:Fat in moderate quantity
co:Fat in moderate quantity
cr:Fat in moderate quantity
cs:Tuky in mírné množství
cu:Fat in moderate quantity
cv:Fat in moderate quantity
cy:Fat in moderate quantity
da:Fedt i moderat mængde
de:Fett in moderaten Mengen
dv:Fat in moderate quantity
dz:Fat in moderate quantity
ee:Fat in moderate quantity
el:Λιπαρά σε μέτρια ποσότητα
eo:Fat in modera kvanto
es:Grasas en cantidad moderada
et:Rasvad in moderate quantity
eu:Fat in moderate quantity
fa:Fat in moderate quantity
ff:Fat in moderate quantity
fi:Rasva in kohtalainen määrä
fj:Fat in moderate quantity
fo:Fat in moderate quantity
fr:Matières grasses / Lipides en quantité modérée
fy:Fat in moderate quantity
ga:Saill in moderate quantity
gd:Fat in moderate quantity
gl:Fat in moderate quantity
gn:Fat in moderate quantity
gu:Fat in moderate quantity
gv:Fat in moderate quantity
ha:Fat in moderate quantity
he:שומנים ב־כמות בינונית
hi:Fat in moderate quantity
ho:Fat in moderate quantity
hr:Fat in moderate quantity
ht:Fat in moderate quantity
hu:Zsír mérsékelt mennyiségben
hy:Fat in moderate quantity
hz:Fat in moderate quantity
ia:Fat in moderate quantity
id:Fat di kuantitas moderat
ie:Fat in moderate quantity
ig:Fat in moderate quantity
ii:Fat in moderate quantity
ik:Fat in moderate quantity
io:Fat in moderate quantity
is:Fat in moderate quantity
it:Grassi in modica quantità
iu:Fat in moderate quantity
ja:脂質 / 適度な量
jv:Fat in moderate quantity
ka:Fat in moderate quantity
kg:Fat in moderate quantity
ki:Fat in moderate quantity
kj:Fat in moderate quantity
kk:Fat in moderate quantity
kl:Fat in moderate quantity
km:Fat in moderate quantity
kn:Fat in moderate quantity
ko:Fat in 적당한 양
kr:Fat in moderate quantity
ks:Fat in moderate quantity
ku:Fat in moderate quantity
kv:Fat in moderate quantity
kw:Fat in moderate quantity
ky:Fat in moderate quantity
la:Fat in moderate quantity
lb:Fat in moderate quantity
lg:Fat in moderate quantity
li:Fat in moderate quantity
ln:Fat in moderate quantity
lo:Fat in moderate quantity
lt:Riebalai in moderate quantity
lu:Fat in moderate quantity
lv:Tauki mērens daudzums
mg:Fat in moderate quantity
mh:Fat in moderate quantity
mi:Fat in moderate quantity
mk:Fat in moderate quantity
ml:Fat in moderate quantity
mo:Fat in moderate quantity
mr:Fat in moderate quantity
ms:Fat in moderate quantity
mt:Xaħmijiet in moderate quantity
my:Fat in moderate quantity
na:Fat in moderate quantity
nb:Fett i moderate quantity
nd:Fat in moderate quantity
ne:Fat in moderate quantity
ng:Fat in moderate quantity
nl:Vetten in gemiddelde hoeveelheid
nn:Fat i moderate quantity
no:Fat i moderate quantity
nr:Fat in moderate quantity
nv:Fat in moderate quantity
ny:Fat in moderate quantity
oc:Fat dins moderate quantity
oj:Fat in moderate quantity
om:Fat in moderate quantity
or:Fat in moderate quantity
os:Fat in moderate quantity
pa:Fat in moderate quantity
pi:Fat in moderate quantity
pl:Tłuszcz w umiarkowana ilość
ps:Fat in moderate quantity
pt:Gorduras em quantidade moderada
qu:Fat in moderate quantity
rm:Fat in moderate quantity
rn:Fat in moderate quantity
ro:Grăsimi în cantitate moderată
ru:Жиры в умеренное количество
rw:Fat in moderate quantity
sa:Fat in moderate quantity
sc:Fat in moderate quantity
sd:Fat in moderate quantity
se:Fat in moderate quantity
sg:Fat in moderate quantity
si:Fat in moderate quantity
sk:Tuky in moderate quantity
sl:Maščobe v zmerni količini
sm:Fat in moderate quantity
sn:Fat in moderate quantity
so:Fat in moderate quantity
sq:Fat in moderate quantity
sr:Fat in moderate quantity
ss:Fat in moderate quantity
st:Fat in moderate quantity
su:Fat in moderate quantity
sv:Fett i måttlig kvantitet
sw:Fat in moderate quantity
ta:Fat in moderate quantity
te:Fat in moderate quantity
tg:Fat in moderate quantity
th:Fat in ปริมาณปานกลาง
ti:Fat in moderate quantity
tk:Fat in moderate quantity
tl:Fat sa katamtaman ang dami
tn:Fat in moderate quantity
to:Fat in moderate quantity
tr:Fat içindeorta miktar
ts:Fat in moderate quantity
tt:Fat in moderate quantity
tw:Fat in moderate quantity
ty:Fat in moderate quantity
ug:Fat in moderate quantity
uk:Fat in moderate quantity
ur:Fat in moderate quantity
uz:Fat in moderate quantity
ve:Fat in moderate quantity
vi:Fat trong số lượng vừa phải
vo:Fat in moderate quantity
wo:Fat in moderate quantity
xh:Fat in moderate quantity
xx:Fat in moderate quantity
yi:Fat in moderate quantity
yo:Fat in moderate quantity
za:Fat in moderate quantity
zh:脂肪在中等数量中
zu:Fat in moderate quantity

en:Salt in high quantity
aa:Salt in high quantity
ab:Salt in high quantity
ae:Salt in high quantity
af:Salt in high quantity
ak:Salt in high quantity
am:Salt in high quantity
an:Salt in high quantity
ar:Salt في كمية عالية
as:Salt in high quantity
av:Salt in high quantity
ay:Salt in high quantity
az:Salt in high quantity
ba:Salt in high quantity
be:Salt in high quantity
bg:Сол in high quantity
bh:Salt in high quantity
bi:Salt in high quantity
bm:Salt in high quantity
bn:Salt in high quantity
bo:Salt in high quantity
br:Salt in high quantity
bs:Salt in high quantity
ca:Salt en alta quantitat
ce:Salt in high quantity
ch:Salt in high quantity
co:Salt in high quantity
cr:Salt in high quantity
cs:Sůl in vysoké množství
cu:Salt in high quantity
cv:Salt in high quantity
cy:Salt in high quantity
da:Salt i stor mængde
de:Salz in großen Mengen
dv:Salt in high quantity
dz:Salt in high quantity
ee:Salt in high quantity
el:Αλάτι σε υψηλή ποσότητα
eo:Salt in high quantity
es:Sal en cantidad elevada
et:Sool in high quantity
eu:Salt in high quantity
fa:Salt in high quantity
ff:Salt in high quantity
fi:Suola in suuri määrä
fj:Salt in high quantity
fo:Salt in high quantity
fr:Sel en quantité élevée
fy:Salt in high quantity
ga:Salann in high quantity
gd:Salt in high quantity
gl:Salt in high quantity
gn:Salt in high quantity
gu:Salt in high quantity
gv:Salt in high quantity
ha:Salt in high quantity
he:מלח ב־כמות גדולה
hi:Salt in high quantity
ho:Salt in high quantity
hr:Salt in high quantity
ht:Salt in high quantity
hu:Salt nagy mennyiségben
hy:Salt in high quantity
hz:Salt in high quantity
ia:Salt in high quantity
id:Salt di kuantitas tinggi
ie:Salt in high quantity
ig:Salt in high quantity
ii:Salt in high quantity
ik:Salt in high quantity
io:Salt in high quantity
is:Salt in high quantity
it:Sale in elevata quantità
iu:Salt in high quantity
ja:食塩相当量 / 多量
jv:Salt in high quantity
ka:Salt in high quantity
kg:Salt in high quantity
ki:Salt in high quantity
kj:Salt in high quantity
kk:Salt in high quantity
kl:Salt in high quantity
km:Salt in high quantity
kn:Salt in high quantity
ko:Salt in 높은 양
kr:Salt in high quantity
ks:Salt in high quantity
ku:Salt in high quantity
kv:Salt in high quantity
kw:Salt in high quantity
ky:Salt in high quantity
la:Salt in high quantity
lb:Salt in héich Quantitéit
lg:Salt in high quantity
li:Salt in high quantity
ln:Salt in high quantity
lo:Salt in high quantity
lt:Druska in high quantity
lu:Salt in high quantity
lv:Sāls high quantity
mg:Salt in high quantity
mh:Salt in high quantity
mi:Salt in high quantity
mk:Salt in high quantity
ml:Salt in high quantity
mo:Salt in high quantity
mr:Salt in high quantity
ms:Salt in high quantity
mt:Melħ in high quantity
my:Salt in high quantity
na:Salt in high quantity
nb:Salt i high quantity
nd:Salt in high quantity
ne:Salt in high quantity
ng:Salt in high quantity
nl:Zout in grote hoeveelheid
nn:Salt i high quantity
no:Salt i high quantity
nr:Salt in high quantity
nv:Salt in high quantity
ny:Salt in high quantity
oc:Salt dins high quantity
oj:Salt in high quantity
om:Salt in high quantity
or:Salt in high quantity
os:Salt in high quantity
pa:Salt in high quantity
pi:Salt in high quantity
pl:Sól w wysoka ilość
ps:Salt in high quantity
pt:Sal em quantidade elevada
qu:Salt in high quantity
rm:Salt in high quantity
rn:Salt in high quantity
ro:Sare în cantitate mare
ru:Salt в высокое количество
rw:Salt in high quantity
sa:Salt in high quantity
sc:Salt in high quantity
sd:Salt in high quantity
se:Salt in high quantity
sg:Salt in high quantity
si:Salt in high quantity
sk:Soľ in high quantity
sl:Sol v velika količina
sm:Salt in high quantity
sn:Salt in high quantity
so:Salt in high quantity
sq:Salt in high quantity
sr:Salt in high quantity
ss:Salt in high quantity
st:Salt in high quantity
su:Salt in high quantity
sv:Salt i hög kvantitet
sw:Salt in high quantity
ta:Salt in high quantity
te:Salt in high quantity
tg:Salt in high quantity
th:Salt in ปริมาณสูง
ti:Salt in high quantity
tk:Salt in high quantity
tl:Salt sa malaking kandidad
tn:Salt in high quantity
to:Salt in high quantity
tr:Salt içindeyüksek miktarda
ts:Salt in high quantity
tt:Salt in high quantity
tw:Salt in high quantity
ty:Salt in high quantity
ug:Salt in يۇقىرى سۈپەت
uk:Salt in high quantity
ur:Salt in high quantity
uz:Salt in high quantity
ve:Salt in high quantity
vi:Salt trong lượng cao
vo:Salt in high quantity
wo:Salt in high quantity
xh:Salt in high quantity
xx:Salt in high quantity
yi:Salt in high quantity
yo:Salt in high quantity
za:Salt in high quantity
zh:食盐在最高含量中
zu:Salt in high quantity

en:Salt in low quantity
aa:Salt in low quantity
ab:Salt in low quantity
ae:Salt in low quantity
af:Salt in low quantity
ak:Salt in low quantity
am:Salt in low quantity
an:Salt in low quantity
ar:Salt في كمية قليلة
as:Salt in low quantity
av:Salt in low quantity
ay:Salt in low quantity
az:Salt in low quantity
ba:Salt in low quantity
be:Salt in low quantity
bg:Сол in low quantity
bh:Salt in low quantity
bi:Salt in low quantity
bm:Salt in low quantity
bn:Salt in low quantity
bo:Salt in low quantity
br:Salt in low quantity
bs:Salt in low quantity
ca:Salt en baixa quantitat
ce:Salt in low quantity
ch:Salt in low quantity
co:Salt in low quantity
cr:Salt in low quantity
cs:Sůl in malé množství
cu:Salt in low quantity
cv:Salt in low quantity
cy:Salt in low quantity
da:Salt i lav mængde
de:Salz in geringen Mengen
dv:Salt in low quantity
dz:Salt in low quantity
ee:Salt in low quantity
el:Αλάτι σε μικρή ποσότητα
eo:Salt in low quantity
es:Sal en cantidad baja
et:Sool in low quantity
eu:Salt in low quantity
fa:Salt in low quantity
ff:Salt in low quantity
fi:Suola in low quantity
fj:Salt in low quantity
fo:Salt in low quantity
fr:Sel en faible quantité
fy:Salt in low quantity
ga:Salann in low quantity
gd:Salt in low quantity
gl:Salt in low quantity
gn:Salt in low quantity
gu:Salt in low quantity
gv:Salt in low quantity
ha:Salt in low quantity
he:מלח ב־כמות נמוכה
hi:Salt in low quantity
ho:Salt in low quantity
hr:Salt in low quantity
ht:Salt in low quantity
hu:Salt kis mennyiségben
hy:Salt in low quantity
hz:Salt in low quantity
ia:Salt in low quantity
id:Salt di kuantitas rendah
ie:Salt in low quantity
ig:Salt in low quantity
ii:Salt in low quantity
ik:Salt in low quantity
io:Salt in low quantity
is:Salt in low quantity
it:Sale in bassa quantità
iu:Salt in low quantity
ja:食塩相当量 / 少量
jv:Salt in low quantity
ka:Salt in low quantity
kg:Salt in low quantity
ki:Salt in low quantity
kj:Salt in low quantity
kk:Salt in low quantity
kl:Salt in low quantity
km:Salt in low quantity
kn:Salt in low quantity
ko:Salt in low quantity
kr:Salt in low quantity
ks:Salt in low quantity
ku:Salt in low quantity
kv:Salt in low quantity
kw:Salt in low quantity
ky:Salt in low quantity
la:Salt in low quantity
lb:Salt in low quantity
lg:Salt in low quantity
li:Salt in low quantity
ln:Salt in low quantity
lo:Salt in low quantity
lt:Druska in low quantity
lu:Salt in low quantity
lv:Sāls low quantity
mg:Salt in low quantity
mh:Salt in low quantity
mi:Salt in low quantity
mk:Salt in low quantity
ml:Salt in low quantity
mo:Salt in low quantity
mr:Salt in low quantity
ms:Salt in low quantity
mt:Melħ in low quantity
my:Salt in low quantity
na:Salt in low quantity
nb:Salt i low quantity
nd:Salt in low quantity
ne:Salt in low quantity
ng:Salt in low quantity
nl:Zout in kleine hoeveelheid
nn:Salt i low quantity
no:Salt i low quantity
nr:Salt in low quantity
nv:Salt in low quantity
ny:Salt in low quantity
oc:Salt dins low quantity
oj:Salt in low quantity
om:Salt in low quantity
or:Salt in low quantity
os:Salt in low quantity
pa:Salt in low quantity
pi:Salt in low quantity
pl:Sól w mała ilość
ps:Salt in low quantity
pt:Sal em quantidade baixa
qu:Salt in low quantity
rm:Salt in low quantity
rn:Salt in low quantity
ro:Sare în cantitate mică
ru:Salt в небольшое количество
rw:Salt in low quantity
sa:Salt in low quantity
sc:Salt in low quantity
sd:Salt in low quantity
se:Salt in low quantity
sg:Salt in low quantity
si:Salt in low quantity
sk:Soľ in low quantity
sl:Sol v majhna količina
sm:Salt in low quantity
sn:Salt in low quantity
so:Salt in low quantity
sq:Salt in low quantity
sr:Salt in low quantity
ss:Salt in low quantity
st:Salt in low quantity
su:Salt in low quantity
sv:Salt i låg kvantitet
sw:Salt in low quantity
ta:Salt in low quantity
te:Salt in low quantity
tg:Salt in low quantity
th:Salt in low quantity
ti:Salt in low quantity
tk:Salt in low quantity
tl:Salt sa kaunting kandidad
tn:Salt in low quantity
to:Salt in low quantity
tr:Salt içindedüşük miktar
ts:Salt in low quantity
tt:Salt in low quantity
tw:Salt in low quantity
ty:Salt in low quantity
ug:Salt in low quantity
uk:Salt in low quantity
ur:Salt in low quantity
uz:Salt in low quantity
ve:Salt in low quantity
vi:Salt trong số lượng thấp
vo:Salt in low quantity
wo:Salt in low quantity
xh:Salt in low quantity
xx:Salt in low quantity
yi:Salt in low quantity
yo:Salt in low quantity
za:Salt in low quantity
zh:食盐在存量少中
zu:Salt in low quantity

en:Salt in moderate quantity
aa:Salt in moderate quantity
ab:Salt in moderate quantity
ae:Salt in moderate quantity
af:Salt in moderate quantity
ak:Salt in moderate quantity
am:Salt in moderate quantity
an:Salt in moderate quantity
ar:Salt في كمية معتدلة
as:Salt in moderate quantity
av:Salt in moderate quantity
ay:Salt in moderate quantity
az:Salt in moderate quantity
ba:Salt in moderate quantity
be:Salt in moderate quantity
bg:Сол in moderate quantity
bh:Salt in moderate quantity
bi:Salt in moderate quantity
bm:Salt in moderate quantity
bn:Salt in moderate quantity
bo:Salt in moderate quantity
br:Salt in moderate quantity
bs:Salt in moderate quantity
ca:Salt en Quantitat moderada
ce:Salt in moderate quantity
ch:Salt in moderate quantity
co:Salt in moderate quantity
cr:Salt in moderate quantity
cs:Sůl in mírné množství
cu:Salt in moderate quantity
cv:Salt in moderate quantity
cy:Salt in moderate quantity
da:Salt i moderat mængde
de:Salz in moderaten Mengen
dv:Salt in moderate quantity
dz:Salt in moderate quantity
ee:Salt in moderate quantity
el:Αλάτι σε μέτρια ποσότητα
eo:Salt in modera kvanto
es:Sal en cantidad moderada
et:Sool in moderate quantity
eu:Salt in moderate quantity
fa:Salt in moderate quantity
ff:Salt in moderate quantity
fi:Suola in kohtalainen määrä
fj:Salt in moderate quantity
fo:Salt in moderate quantity
fr:Sel en quantité modérée
fy:Salt in moderate quantity
ga:Salann in moderate quantity
gd:Salt in moderate quantity
gl:Salt in moderate quantity
gn:Salt in moderate quantity
gu:Salt in moderate quantity
gv:Salt in moderate quantity
ha:Salt in moderate quantity
he:מלח ב־כמות בינונית
hi:Salt in moderate quantity
ho:Salt in moderate quantity
hr:Salt in moderate quantity
ht:Salt in moderate quantity
hu:Salt mérsékelt mennyiségben
hy:Salt in moderate quantity
hz:Salt in moderate quantity
ia:Salt in moderate quantity
id:Salt di kuantitas moderat
ie:Salt in moderate quantity
ig:Salt in moderate quantity
ii:Salt in moderate quantity
ik:Salt in moderate quantity
io:Salt in moderate quantity
is:Salt in moderate quantity
it:Sale in modica quantità
iu:Salt in moderate quantity
ja:食塩相当量 / 適度な量
jv:Salt in moderate quantity
ka:Salt in moderate quantity
kg:Salt in moderate quantity
ki:Salt in moderate quantity
kj:Salt in moderate quantity
kk:Salt in moderate quantity
kl:Salt in moderate quantity
km:Salt in moderate quantity
kn:Salt in moderate quantity
ko:Salt in 적당한 양
kr:Salt in moderate quantity
ks:Salt in moderate quantity
ku:Salt in moderate quantity
kv:Salt in moderate quantity
kw:Salt in moderate quantity
ky:Salt in moderate quantity
la:Salt in moderate quantity
lb:Salt in moderate quantity
lg:Salt in moderate quantity
li:Salt in moderate quantity
ln:Salt in moderate quantity
lo:Salt in moderate quantity
lt:Druska in moderate quantity
lu:Salt in moderate quantity
lv:Sāls mērens daudzums
mg:Salt in moderate quantity
mh:Salt in moderate quantity
mi:Salt in moderate quantity
mk:Salt in moderate quantity
ml:Salt in moderate quantity
mo:Salt in moderate quantity
mr:Salt in moderate quantity
ms:Salt in moderate quantity
mt:Melħ in moderate quantity
my:Salt in moderate quantity
na:Salt in moderate quantity
nb:Salt i moderate quantity
nd:Salt in moderate quantity
ne:Salt in moderate quantity
ng:Salt in moderate quantity
nl:Zout in gemiddelde hoeveelheid
nn:Salt i moderate quantity
no:Salt i moderate quantity
nr:Salt in moderate quantity
nv:Salt in moderate quantity
ny:Salt in moderate quantity
oc:Salt dins moderate quantity
oj:Salt in moderate quantity
om:Salt in moderate quantity
or:Salt in moderate quantity
os:Salt in moderate quantity
pa:Salt in moderate quantity
pi:Salt in moderate quantity
pl:Sól w umiarkowana ilość
ps:Salt in moderate quantity
pt:Sal em quantidade moderada
qu:Salt in moderate quantity
rm:Salt in moderate quantity
rn:Salt in moderate quantity
ro:Sare în cantitate moderată
ru:Salt в умеренное количество
rw:Salt in moderate quantity
sa:Salt in moderate quantity
sc:Salt in moderate quantity
sd:Salt in moderate quantity
se:Salt in moderate quantity
sg:Salt in moderate quantity
si:Salt in moderate quantity
sk:Soľ in moderate quantity
sl:Sol v zmerni količini
sm:Salt in moderate quantity
sn:Salt in moderate quantity
so:Salt in moderate quantity
sq:Salt in moderate quantity
sr:Salt in moderate quantity
ss:Salt in moderate quantity
st:Salt in moderate quantity
su:Salt in moderate quantity
sv:Salt i måttlig kvantitet
sw:Salt in moderate quantity
ta:Salt in moderate quantity
te:Salt in moderate quantity
tg:Salt in moderate quantity
th:Salt in ปริมาณปานกลาง
ti:Salt in moderate quantity
tk:Salt in moderate quantity
tl:Salt sa katamtaman ang dami
tn:Salt in moderate quantity
to:Salt in moderate quantity
tr:Salt içindeorta miktar
ts:Salt in moderate quantity
tt:Salt in moderate quantity
tw:Salt in moderate quantity
ty:Salt in moderate quantity
ug:Salt in moderate quantity
uk:Salt in moderate quantity
ur:Salt in moderate quantity
uz:Salt in moderate quantity
ve:Salt in moderate quantity
vi:Salt trong số lượng vừa phải
vo:Salt in moderate quantity
wo:Salt in moderate quantity
xh:Salt in moderate quantity
xx:Salt in moderate quantity
yi:Salt in moderate quantity
yo:Salt in moderate quantity
za:Salt in moderate quantity
zh:食盐在中等数量中
zu:Salt in moderate quantity

en:Saturated fat in high quantity
aa:Saturated fat in high quantity
ab:Saturated fat in high quantity
ae:Saturated fat in high quantity
af:Saturated fat in high quantity
ak:Saturated fat in high quantity
am:Saturated fat in high quantity
an:Saturated fat in high quantity
ar:Saturated fat في كمية عالية
as:Saturated fat in high quantity
av:Saturated fat in high quantity
ay:Saturated fat in high quantity
az:Saturated fat in high quantity
ba:Saturated fat in high quantity
be:Saturated fat in high quantity
bg:Наситени мастни киселини in high quantity
bh:Saturated fat in high quantity
bi:Saturated fat in high quantity
bm:Saturated fat in high quantity
bn:Saturated fat in high quantity
bo:Saturated fat in high quantity
br:Saturated fat in high quantity
bs:Saturated fat in high quantity
ca:Saturated fat en alta quantitat
ce:Saturated fat in high quantity
ch:Saturated fat in high quantity
co:Saturated fat in high quantity
cr:Saturated fat in high quantity
cs:Nasycené mastné kyseliny in vysoké množství
cu:Saturated fat in high quantity
cv:Saturated fat in high quantity
cy:Saturated fat in high quantity
da:Mættede fedtsyrer i stor mængde
de:gesättigte Fettsäuren in großen Mengen
dv:Saturated fat in high quantity
dz:Saturated fat in high quantity
ee:Saturated fat in high quantity
el:Κορεσμένα λιπαρά σε υψηλή ποσότητα
eo:Saturated fat in high quantity
es:Ácidos grasos saturados en cantidad elevada
et:Küllastunud rasvhapped in high quantity
eu:Saturated fat in high quantity
fa:Saturated fat in high quantity
ff:Saturated fat in high quantity
fi:Tyydyttyneet rasvat in suuri määrä
fj:Saturated fat in high quantity
fo:Saturated fat in high quantity
fr:Acides gras saturés en quantité élevée
fy:Saturated fat in high quantity
ga:sáSitheáin saill in high quantity
gd:Saturated fat in high quantity
gl:Saturated fat in high quantity
gn:Saturated fat in high quantity
gu:Saturated fat in high quantity
gv:Saturated fat in high quantity
ha:Saturated fat in high quantity
he:שומן רווי ב־כמות גדולה
hi:Saturated fat in high quantity
ho:Saturated fat in high quantity
hr:Saturated fat in high quantity
ht:Saturated fat in high quantity
hu:Telített zsírsavak nagy mennyiségben
hy:Saturated fat in high quantity
hz:Saturated fat in high quantity
ia:Saturated fat in high quantity
id:Saturated fat di kuantitas tinggi
ie:Saturated fat in high quantity
ig:Saturated fat in high quantity
ii:Saturated fat in high quantity
ik:Saturated fat in high quantity
io:Saturated fat in high quantity
is:Saturated fat in high quantity
it:Acidi Grassi saturi in elevata quantità
iu:Saturated fat in high quantity
ja:飽和脂肪 / 多量
jv:Saturated fat in high quantity
ka:Saturated fat in high quantity
kg:Saturated fat in high quantity
ki:Saturated fat in high quantity
kj:Saturated fat in high quantity
kk:Saturated fat in high quantity
kl:Saturated fat in high quantity
km:Saturated fat in high quantity
kn:Saturated fat in high quantity
ko:Saturated fat in 높은 양
kr:Saturated fat in high quantity
ks:Saturated fat in high quantity
ku:Saturated fat in high quantity
kv:Saturated fat in high quantity
kw:Saturated fat in high quantity
ky:Saturated fat in high quantity
la:Saturated fat in high quantity
lb:Saturated fat in héich Quantitéit
lg:Saturated fat in high quantity
li:Saturated fat in high quantity
ln:Saturated fat in high quantity
lo:Saturated fat in high quantity
lt:Sočiosios riebalų rūgštys in high quantity
lu:Saturated fat in high quantity
lv:Piesātinātās taukskābes high quantity
mg:Saturated fat in high quantity
mh:Saturated fat in high quantity
mi:Saturated fat in high quantity
mk:Saturated fat in high quantity
ml:Saturated fat in high quantity
mo:Saturated fat in high quantity
mr:Saturated fat in high quantity
ms:Saturated fat in high quantity
mt:Saturati xaħmijiet in high quantity
my:Saturated fat in high quantity
na:Saturated fat in high quantity
nb:Mettet fett i high quantity
nd:Saturated fat in high quantity
ne:Saturated fat in high quantity
ng:Saturated fat in high quantity
nl:Verzadigde vetzuren in grote hoeveelheid
nn:Saturated fat i high quantity
no:Saturated fat i high quantity
nr:Saturated fat in high quantity
nv:Saturated fat in high quantity
ny:Saturated fat in high quantity
oc:Saturated fat dins high quantity
oj:Saturated fat in high quantity
om:Saturated fat in high quantity
or:Saturated fat in high quantity
os:Saturated fat in high quantity
pa:Saturated fat in high quantity
pi:Saturated fat in high quantity
pl:Kwasy tłuszczowe nasycone w wysoka ilość
ps:Saturated fat in high quantity
pt:Gorduras saturadas em quantidade elevada
qu:Saturated fat in high quantity
rm:Saturated fat in high quantity
rn:Saturated fat in high quantity
ro:Acizi grași saturați în cantitate mare
ru:Насыщенные жиры в высокое количество
rw:Saturated fat in high quantity
sa:Saturated fat in high quantity
sc:Saturated fat in high quantity
sd:Saturated fat in high quantity
se:Saturated fat in high quantity
sg:Saturated fat in high quantity
si:Saturated fat in high quantity
sk:Nasýtené mastné kyseliny in high quantity
sl:Nasičene maščobe v velika količina
sm:Saturated fat in high quantity
sn:Saturated fat in high quantity
so:Saturated fat in high quantity
sq:Saturated fat in high quantity
sr:Saturated fat in high quantity
ss:Saturated fat in high quantity
st:Saturated fat in high quantity
su:Saturated fat in high quantity
sv:Mättat fett i hög kvantitet
sw:Saturated fat in high quantity
ta:Saturated fat in high quantity
te:Saturated fat in high quantity
tg:Saturated fat in high quantity
th:Saturated fat in ปริมาณสูง
ti:Saturated fat in high quantity
tk:Saturated fat in high quantity
tl:Saturated fat sa malaking kandidad
tn:Saturated fat in high quantity
to:Saturated fat in high quantity
tr:Saturated fat içindeyüksek miktarda
ts:Saturated fat in high quantity
tt:Saturated fat in high quantity
tw:Saturated fat in high quantity
ty:Saturated fat in high quantity
ug:Saturated fat in يۇقىرى سۈپەت
uk:Saturated fat in high quantity
ur:Saturated fat in high quantity
uz:Saturated fat in high quantity
ve:Saturated fat in high quantity
vi:Saturated fat trong lượng cao
vo:Saturated fat in high quantity
wo:Saturated fat in high quantity
xh:Saturated fat in high quantity
xx:Saturated fat in high quantity
yi:Saturated fat in high quantity
yo:Saturated fat in high quantity
za:Saturated fat in high quantity
zh:饱和脂肪在最高含量中
zu:Saturated fat in high quantity

en:Saturated fat in low quantity
aa:Saturated fat in low quantity
ab:Saturated fat in low quantity
ae:Saturated fat in low quantity
af:Saturated fat in low quantity
ak:Saturated fat in low quantity
am:Saturated fat in low quantity
an:Saturated fat in low quantity
ar:Saturated fat في كمية قليلة
as:Saturated fat in low quantity
av:Saturated fat in low quantity
ay:Saturated fat in low quantity
az:Saturated fat in low quantity
ba:Saturated fat in low quantity
be:Saturated fat in low quantity
bg:Наситени мастни киселини in low quantity
bh:Saturated fat in low quantity
bi:Saturated fat in low quantity
bm:Saturated fat in low quantity
bn:Saturated fat in low quantity
bo:Saturated fat in low quantity
br:Saturated fat in low quantity
bs:Saturated fat in low quantity
ca:Saturated fat en baixa quantitat
ce:Saturated fat in low quantity
ch:Saturated fat in low quantity
co:Saturated fat in low quantity
cr:Saturated fat in low quantity
cs:Nasycené mastné kyseliny in malé množství
cu:Saturated fat in low quantity
cv:Saturated fat in low quantity
cy:Saturated fat in low quantity
da:Mættede fedtsyrer i lav mængde
de:gesättigte Fettsäuren in geringen Mengen
dv:Saturated fat in low quantity
dz:Saturated fat in low quantity
ee:Saturated fat in low quantity
el:Κορεσμένα λιπαρά σε μικρή ποσότητα
eo:Saturated fat in low quantity
es:Ácidos grasos saturados en cantidad baja
et:Küllastunud rasvhapped in low quantity
eu:Saturated fat in low quantity
fa:Saturated fat in low quantity
ff:Saturated fat in low quantity
fi:Tyydyttyneet rasvat in low quantity
fj:Saturated fat in low quantity
fo:Saturated fat in low quantity
fr:Acides gras saturés en faible quantité
fy:Saturated fat in low quantity
ga:sáSitheáin saill in low quantity
gd:Saturated fat in low quantity
gl:Saturated fat in low quantity
gn:Saturated fat in low quantity
gu:Saturated fat in low quantity
gv:Saturated fat in low quantity
ha:Saturated fat in low quantity
he:שומן רווי ב־כמות נמוכה
hi:Saturated fat in low quantity
ho:Saturated fat in low quantity
hr:Saturated fat in low quantity
ht:Saturated fat in low quantity
hu:Telített zsírsavak kis mennyiségben
hy:Saturated fat in low quantity
hz:Saturated fat in low quantity
ia:Saturated fat in low quantity
id:Saturated fat di kuantitas rendah
ie:Saturated fat in low quantity
ig:Saturated fat in low quantity
ii:Saturated fat in low quantity
ik:Saturated fat in low quantity
io:Saturated fat in low quantity
is:Saturated fat in low quantity
it:Acidi Grassi saturi in bassa quantità
iu:Saturated fat in low quantity
ja:飽和脂肪 / 少量
jv:Saturated fat in low quantity
ka:Saturated fat in low quantity
kg:Saturated fat in low quantity
ki:Saturated fat in low quantity
kj:Saturated fat in low quantity
kk:Saturated fat in low quantity
kl:Saturated fat in low quantity
km:Saturated fat in low quantity
kn:Saturated fat in low quantity
ko:Saturated fat in low quantity
kr:Saturated fat in low quantity
ks:Saturated fat in low quantity
ku:Saturated fat in low quantity
kv:Saturated fat in low quantity
kw:Saturated fat in low quantity
ky:Saturated fat in low quantity
la:Saturated fat in low quantity
lb:Saturated fat in low quantity
lg:Saturated fat in low quantity
li:Saturated fat in low quantity
ln:Saturated fat in low quantity
lo:Saturated fat in low quantity
lt:Sočiosios riebalų rūgštys in low quantity
lu:Saturated fat in low quantity
lv:Piesātinātās taukskābes low quantity
mg:Saturated fat in low quantity
mh:Saturated fat in low quantity
mi:Saturated fat in low quantity
mk:Saturated fat in low quantity
ml:Saturated fat in low quantity
mo:Saturated fat in low quantity
mr:Saturated fat in low quantity
ms:Saturated fat in low quantity
mt:Saturati xaħmijiet in low quantity
my:Saturated fat in low quantity
na:Saturated fat in low quantity
nb:Mettet fett i low quantity
nd:Saturated fat in low quantity
ne:Saturated fat in low quantity
ng:Saturated fat in low quantity
nl:Verzadigde vetzuren in kleine hoeveelheid
nn:Saturated fat i low quantity
no:Saturated fat i low quantity
nr:Saturated fat in low quantity
nv:Saturated fat in low quantity
ny:Saturated fat in low quantity
oc:Saturated fat dins low quantity
oj:Saturated fat in low quantity
om:Saturated fat in low quantity
or:Saturated fat in low quantity
os:Saturated fat in low quantity
pa:Saturated fat in low quantity
pi:Saturated fat in low quantity
pl:Kwasy tłuszczowe nasycone w mała ilość
ps:Saturated fat in low quantity
pt:Gorduras saturadas em quantidade baixa
qu:Saturated fat in low quantity
rm:Saturated fat in low quantity
rn:Saturated fat in low quantity
ro:Acizi grași saturați în cantitate mică
ru:Насыщенные жиры в небольшое количество
rw:Saturated fat in low quantity
sa:Saturated fat in low quantity
sc:Saturated fat in low quantity
sd:Saturated fat in low quantity
se:Saturated fat in low quantity
sg:Saturated fat in low quantity
si:Saturated fat in low quantity
sk:Nasýtené mastné kyseliny in low quantity
sl:Nasičene maščobe v majhna količina
sm:Saturated fat in low quantity
sn:Saturated fat in low quantity
so:Saturated fat in low quantity
sq:Saturated fat in low quantity
sr:Saturated fat in low quantity
ss:Saturated fat in low quantity
st:Saturated fat in low quantity
su:Saturated fat in low quantity
sv:Mättat fett i låg kvantitet
sw:Saturated fat in low quantity
ta:Saturated fat in low quantity
te:Saturated fat in low quantity
tg:Saturated fat in low quantity
th:Saturated fat in low quantity
ti:Saturated fat in low quantity
tk:Saturated fat in low quantity
tl:Saturated fat sa kaunting kandidad
tn:Saturated fat in low quantity
to:Saturated fat in low quantity
tr:Saturated fat içindedüşük miktar
ts:Saturated fat in low quantity
tt:Saturated fat in low quantity
tw:Saturated fat in low quantity
ty:Saturated fat in low quantity
ug:Saturated fat in low quantity
uk:Saturated fat in low quantity
ur:Saturated fat in low quantity
uz:Saturated fat in low quantity
ve:Saturated fat in low quantity
vi:Saturated fat trong số lượng thấp
vo:Saturated fat in low quantity
wo:Saturated fat in low quantity
xh:Saturated fat in low quantity
xx:Saturated fat in low quantity
yi:Saturated fat in low quantity
yo:Saturated fat in low quantity
za:Saturated fat in low quantity
zh:饱和脂肪在存量少中
zu:Saturated fat in low quantity

en:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
aa:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ab:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ae:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
af:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ak:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
am:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
an:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ar:Saturated fat في كمية معتدلة
as:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
av:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ay:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
az:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ba:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
be:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
bg:Наситени мастни киселини in moderate quantity
bh:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
bi:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
bm:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
bn:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
bo:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
br:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
bs:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ca:Saturated fat en Quantitat moderada
ce:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ch:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
co:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
cr:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
cs:Nasycené mastné kyseliny in mírné množství
cu:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
cv:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
cy:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
da:Mættede fedtsyrer i moderat mængde
de:gesättigte Fettsäuren in moderaten Mengen
dv:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
dz:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ee:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
el:Κορεσμένα λιπαρά σε μέτρια ποσότητα
eo:Saturated fat in modera kvanto
es:Ácidos grasos saturados en cantidad moderada
et:Küllastunud rasvhapped in moderate quantity
eu:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
fa:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ff:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
fi:Tyydyttyneet rasvat in kohtalainen määrä
fj:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
fo:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
fr:Acides gras saturés en quantité modérée
fy:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ga:sáSitheáin saill in moderate quantity
gd:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
gl:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
gn:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
gu:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
gv:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ha:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
he:שומן רווי ב־כמות בינונית
hi:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ho:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
hr:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ht:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
hu:Telített zsírsavak mérsékelt mennyiségben
hy:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
hz:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ia:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
id:Saturated fat di kuantitas moderat
ie:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ig:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ii:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ik:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
io:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
is:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
it:Acidi Grassi saturi in modica quantità
iu:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ja:飽和脂肪 / 適度な量
jv:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ka:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
kg:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ki:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
kj:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
kk:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
kl:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
km:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
kn:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ko:Saturated fat in 적당한 양
kr:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ks:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ku:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
kv:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
kw:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ky:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
la:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
lb:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
lg:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
li:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ln:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
lo:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
lt:Sočiosios riebalų rūgštys in moderate quantity
lu:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
lv:Piesātinātās taukskābes mērens daudzums
mg:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
mh:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
mi:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
mk:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ml:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
mo:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
mr:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ms:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
mt:Saturati xaħmijiet in moderate quantity
my:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
na:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
nb:Mettet fett i moderate quantity
nd:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ne:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ng:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
nl:Verzadigde vetzuren in gemiddelde hoeveelheid
nn:Saturated fat i moderate quantity
no:Saturated fat i moderate quantity
nr:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
nv:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ny:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
oc:Saturated fat dins moderate quantity
oj:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
om:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
or:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
os:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
pa:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
pi:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
pl:Kwasy tłuszczowe nasycone w umiarkowana ilość
ps:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
pt:Gorduras saturadas em quantidade moderada
qu:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
rm:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
rn:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ro:Acizi grași saturați în cantitate moderată
ru:Насыщенные жиры в умеренное количество
rw:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
sa:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
sc:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
sd:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
se:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
sg:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
si:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
sk:Nasýtené mastné kyseliny in moderate quantity
sl:Nasičene maščobe v zmerni količini
sm:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
sn:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
so:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
sq:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
sr:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ss:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
st:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
su:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
sv:Mättat fett i måttlig kvantitet
sw:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ta:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
te:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
tg:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
th:Saturated fat in ปริมาณปานกลาง
ti:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
tk:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
tl:Saturated fat sa katamtaman ang dami
tn:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
to:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
tr:Saturated fat içindeorta miktar
ts:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
tt:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
tw:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ty:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ug:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
uk:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ur:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
uz:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
ve:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
vi:Saturated fat trong số lượng vừa phải
vo:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
wo:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
xh:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
xx:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
yi:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
yo:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
za:Saturated fat in moderate quantity
zh:饱和脂肪在中等数量中
zu:Saturated fat in moderate quantity

en:Sugars in high quantity
aa:Sugars in high quantity
ab:Sugars in high quantity
ae:Sugars in high quantity
af:Sugars in high quantity
ak:Sugars in high quantity
am:Sugars in high quantity
an:Sugars in high quantity
ar:السكر في كمية عالية
as:Sugars in high quantity
av:Sugars in high quantity
ay:Sugars in high quantity
az:Sugars in high quantity
ba:Sugars in high quantity
be:Sugars in high quantity
bg:Захари in high quantity
bh:Sugars in high quantity
bi:Sugars in high quantity
bm:Sugars in high quantity
bn:Sugars in high quantity
bo:Sugars in high quantity
br:Sugars in high quantity
bs:Sugars in high quantity
ca:Sugars en alta quantitat
ce:Sugars in high quantity
ch:Sugars in high quantity
co:Sugars in high quantity
cr:Sugars in high quantity
cs:Cukry in vysoké množství
cu:Sugars in high quantity
cv:Sugars in high quantity
cy:Sugars in high quantity
da:Sukkerarter i stor mængde
de:Zucker in großen Mengen
dv:Sugars in high quantity
dz:Sugars in high quantity
ee:Sugars in high quantity
el:Σάκχαρα σε υψηλή ποσότητα
eo:Sugars in high quantity
es:Azúcares en cantidad elevada
et:Suhkrud in high quantity
eu:Sugars in high quantity
fa:شکر in high quantity
ff:Sugars in high quantity
fi:Sokerit in suuri määrä
fj:Sugars in high quantity
fo:Sugars in high quantity
fr:Sucres en quantité élevée
fy:Sugars in high quantity
ga:Siúcraí in high quantity
gd:Sugars in high quantity
gl:Sugars in high quantity
gn:Sugars in high quantity
gu:Sugars in high quantity
gv:Sugars in high quantity
ha:Sugars in high quantity
he:סוכר ב־כמות גדולה
hi:Sugars in high quantity
ho:Sugars in high quantity
hr:Sugars in high quantity
ht:Sugars in high quantity
hu:Cukrok nagy mennyiségben
hy:Sugars in high quantity
hz:Sugars in high quantity
ia:Sugars in high quantity
id:Sugars di kuantitas tinggi
ie:Sugars in high quantity
ig:Sugars in high quantity
ii:Sugars in high quantity
ik:Sugars in high quantity
io:Sugars in high quantity
is:Sugars in high quantity
it:Zuccheri in elevata quantità
iu:Sugars in high quantity
ja:糖類 / 多量
jv:Sugars in high quantity
ka:Sugars in high quantity
kg:Sugars in high quantity
ki:Sugars in high quantity
kj:Sugars in high quantity
kk:Sugars in high quantity
kl:Sugars in high quantity
km:Sugars in high quantity
kn:Sugars in high quantity
ko:Sugars in 높은 양
kr:Sugars in high quantity
ks:Sugars in high quantity
ku:Sugars in high quantity
kv:Sugars in high quantity
kw:Sugars in high quantity
ky:Sugars in high quantity
la:Sugars in high quantity
lb:Sugars in héich Quantitéit
lg:Sugars in high quantity
li:Sugars in high quantity
ln:Sugars in high quantity
lo:Sugars in high quantity
lt:Cukrūs in high quantity
lu:Sugars in high quantity
lv:Cukuri high quantity
mg:Sugars in high quantity
mh:Sugars in high quantity
mi:Sugars in high quantity
mk:Sugars in high quantity
ml:Sugars in high quantity
mo:Sugars in high quantity
mr:Sugars in high quantity
ms:Sugars in high quantity
mt:Zokkor in high quantity
my:Sugars in high quantity
na:Sugars in high quantity
nb:Sukkerarter i high quantity
nd:Sugars in high quantity
ne:Sugars in high quantity
ng:Sugars in high quantity
nl:Suikers in grote hoeveelheid
nn:Sugars i high quantity
no:Sugars i high quantity
nr:Sugars in high quantity
nv:Sugars in high quantity
ny:Sugars in high quantity
oc:Sugars dins high quantity
oj:Sugars in high quantity
om:Sugars in high quantity
or:Sugars in high quantity
os:Sugars in high quantity
pa:Sugars in high quantity
pi:Sugars in high quantity
pl:Cukry w wysoka ilość
ps:Sugars in high quantity
pt:Açúcares em quantidade elevada
qu:Sugars in high quantity
rm:Sugars in high quantity
rn:Sugars in high quantity
ro:Zaharuri în cantitate mare
ru:Сахара в высокое количество
rw:Sugars in high quantity
sa:Sugars in high quantity
sc:Sugars in high quantity
sd:Sugars in high quantity
se:Sugars in high quantity
sg:Sugars in high quantity
si:Sugars in high quantity
sk:Cukry in high quantity
sl:Sladkorjev v velika količina
sm:Sugars in high quantity
sn:Sugars in high quantity
so:Sugars in high quantity
sq:Sugars in high quantity
sr:Sugars in high quantity
ss:Sugars in high quantity
st:Sugars in high quantity
su:Sugars in high quantity
sv:Sockerarter i hög kvantitet
sw:Sugars in high quantity
ta:Sugars in high quantity
te:Sugars in high quantity
tg:Sugars in high quantity
th:Sugars in ปริมาณสูง
ti:Sugars in high quantity
tk:Sugars in high quantity
tl:Sugars sa malaking kandidad
tn:Sugars in high quantity
to:Sugars in high quantity
tr:Şeker içindeyüksek miktarda
ts:Sugars in high quantity
tt:Sugars in high quantity
tw:Sugars in high quantity
ty:Sugars in high quantity
ug:Sugars in يۇقىرى سۈپەت
uk:Sugars in high quantity
ur:Sugars in high quantity
uz:Sugars in high quantity
ve:Sugars in high quantity
vi:Sugars trong lượng cao
vo:Sugars in high quantity
wo:Sugars in high quantity
xh:Sugars in high quantity
xx:Sugars in high quantity
yi:Sugars in high quantity
yo:Sugars in high quantity
za:Sugars in high quantity
zh:糖在最高含量中
zu:Sugars in high quantity

en:Sugars in low quantity
aa:Sugars in low quantity
ab:Sugars in low quantity
ae:Sugars in low quantity
af:Sugars in low quantity
ak:Sugars in low quantity
am:Sugars in low quantity
an:Sugars in low quantity
ar:السكر في كمية قليلة
as:Sugars in low quantity
av:Sugars in low quantity
ay:Sugars in low quantity
az:Sugars in low quantity
ba:Sugars in low quantity
be:Sugars in low quantity
bg:Захари in low quantity
bh:Sugars in low quantity
bi:Sugars in low quantity
bm:Sugars in low quantity
bn:Sugars in low quantity
bo:Sugars in low quantity
br:Sugars in low quantity
bs:Sugars in low quantity
ca:Sugars en baixa quantitat
ce:Sugars in low quantity
ch:Sugars in low quantity
co:Sugars in low quantity
cr:Sugars in low quantity
cs:Cukry in malé množství
cu:Sugars in low quantity
cv:Sugars in low quantity
cy:Sugars in low quantity
da:Sukkerarter i lav mængde
de:Zucker in geringen Mengen
dv:Sugars in low quantity
dz:Sugars in low quantity
ee:Sugars in low quantity
el:Σάκχαρα σε μικρή ποσότητα
eo:Sugars in low quantity
es:Azúcares en cantidad baja
et:Suhkrud in low quantity
eu:Sugars in low quantity
fa:شکر in low quantity
ff:Sugars in low quantity
fi:Sokerit in low quantity
fj:Sugars in low quantity
fo:Sugars in low quantity
fr:Sucres en faible quantité
fy:Sugars in low quantity
ga:Siúcraí in low quantity
gd:Sugars in low quantity
gl:Sugars in low quantity
gn:Sugars in low quantity
gu:Sugars in low quantity
gv:Sugars in low quantity
ha:Sugars in low quantity
he:סוכר ב־כמות נמוכה
hi:Sugars in low quantity
ho:Sugars in low quantity
hr:Sugars in low quantity
ht:Sugars in low quantity
hu:Cukrok kis mennyiségben
hy:Sugars in low quantity
hz:Sugars in low quantity
ia:Sugars in low quantity
id:Sugars di kuantitas rendah
ie:Sugars in low quantity
ig:Sugars in low quantity
ii:Sugars in low quantity
ik:Sugars in low quantity
io:Sugars in low quantity
is:Sugars in low quantity
it:Zuccheri in bassa quantità
iu:Sugars in low quantity
ja:糖類 / 少量
jv:Sugars in low quantity
ka:Sugars in low quantity
kg:Sugars in low quantity
ki:Sugars in low quantity
kj:Sugars in low quantity
kk:Sugars in low quantity
kl:Sugars in low quantity
km:Sugars in low quantity
kn:Sugars in low quantity
ko:Sugars in low quantity
kr:Sugars in low quantity
ks:Sugars in low quantity
ku:Sugars in low quantity
kv:Sugars in low quantity
kw:Sugars in low quantity
ky:Sugars in low quantity
la:Sugars in low quantity
lb:Sugars in low quantity
lg:Sugars in low quantity
li:Sugars in low quantity
ln:Sugars in low quantity
lo:Sugars in low quantity
lt:Cukrūs in low quantity
lu:Sugars in low quantity
lv:Cukuri low quantity
mg:Sugars in low quantity
mh:Sugars in low quantity
mi:Sugars in low quantity
mk:Sugars in low quantity
ml:Sugars in low quantity
mo:Sugars in low quantity
mr:Sugars in low quantity
ms:Sugars in low quantity
mt:Zokkor in low quantity
my:Sugars in low quantity
na:Sugars in low quantity
nb:Sukkerarter i low quantity
nd:Sugars in low quantity
ne:Sugars in low quantity
ng:Sugars in low quantity
nl:Suikers in kleine hoeveelheid
nn:Sugars i low quantity
no:Sugars i low quantity
nr:Sugars in low quantity
nv:Sugars in low quantity
ny:Sugars in low quantity
oc:Sugars dins low quantity
oj:Sugars in low quantity
om:Sugars in low quantity
or:Sugars in low quantity
os:Sugars in low quantity
pa:Sugars in low quantity
pi:Sugars in low quantity
pl:Cukry w mała ilość
ps:Sugars in low quantity
pt:Açúcares em quantidade baixa
qu:Sugars in low quantity
rm:Sugars in low quantity
rn:Sugars in low quantity
ro:Zaharuri în cantitate mică
ru:Сахара в небольшое количество
rw:Sugars in low quantity
sa:Sugars in low quantity
sc:Sugars in low quantity
sd:Sugars in low quantity
se:Sugars in low quantity
sg:Sugars in low quantity
si:Sugars in low quantity
sk:Cukry in low quantity
sl:Sladkorjev v majhna količina
sm:Sugars in low quantity
sn:Sugars in low quantity
so:Sugars in low quantity
sq:Sugars in low quantity
sr:Sugars in low quantity
ss:Sugars in low quantity
st:Sugars in low quantity
su:Sugars in low quantity
sv:Sockerarter i låg kvantitet
sw:Sugars in low quantity
ta:Sugars in low quantity
te:Sugars in low quantity
tg:Sugars in low quantity
th:Sugars in low quantity
ti:Sugars in low quantity
tk:Sugars in low quantity
tl:Sugars sa kaunting kandidad
tn:Sugars in low quantity
to:Sugars in low quantity
tr:Şeker içindedüşük miktar
ts:Sugars in low quantity
tt:Sugars in low quantity
tw:Sugars in low quantity
ty:Sugars in low quantity
ug:Sugars in low quantity
uk:Sugars in low quantity
ur:Sugars in low quantity
uz:Sugars in low quantity
ve:Sugars in low quantity
vi:Sugars trong số lượng thấp
vo:Sugars in low quantity
wo:Sugars in low quantity
xh:Sugars in low quantity
xx:Sugars in low quantity
yi:Sugars in low quantity
yo:Sugars in low quantity
za:Sugars in low quantity
zh:糖在存量少中
zu:Sugars in low quantity

en:Sugars in moderate quantity
aa:Sugars in moderate quantity
ab:Sugars in moderate quantity
ae:Sugars in moderate quantity
af:Sugars in moderate quantity
ak:Sugars in moderate quantity
am:Sugars in moderate quantity
an:Sugars in moderate quantity
ar:السكر في كمية معتدلة
as:Sugars in moderate quantity
av:Sugars in moderate quantity
ay:Sugars in moderate quantity
az:Sugars in moderate quantity
ba:Sugars in moderate quantity
be:Sugars in moderate quantity
bg:Захари in moderate quantity
bh:Sugars in moderate quantity
bi:Sugars in moderate quantity
bm:Sugars in moderate quantity
bn:Sugars in moderate quantity
bo:Sugars in moderate quantity
br:Sugars in moderate quantity
bs:Sugars in moderate quantity
ca:Sugars en Quantitat moderada
ce:Sugars in moderate quantity
ch:Sugars in moderate quantity
co:Sugars in moderate quantity
cr:Sugars in moderate quantity
cs:Cukry in mírné množství
cu:Sugars in moderate quantity
cv:Sugars in moderate quantity
cy:Sugars in moderate quantity
da:Sukkerarter i moderat mængde
de:Zucker in moderaten Mengen
dv:Sugars in moderate quantity
dz:Sugars in moderate quantity
ee:Sugars in moderate quantity
el:Σάκχαρα σε μέτρια ποσότητα
eo:Sugars in modera kvanto
es:Azúcares en cantidad moderada
et:Suhkrud in moderate quantity
eu:Sugars in moderate quantity
fa:شکر in moderate quantity
ff:Sugars in moderate quantity
fi:Sokerit in kohtalainen määrä
fj:Sugars in moderate quantity
fo:Sugars in moderate quantity
fr:Sucres en quantité modérée
fy:Sugars in moderate quantity
ga:Siúcraí in moderate quantity
gd:Sugars in moderate quantity
gl:Sugars in moderate quantity
gn:Sugars in moderate quantity
gu:Sugars in moderate quantity
gv:Sugars in moderate quantity
ha:Sugars in moderate quantity
he:סוכר ב־כמות בינונית
hi:Sugars in moderate quantity
ho:Sugars in moderate quantity
hr:Sugars in moderate quantity
ht:Sugars in moderate quantity
hu:Cukrok mérsékelt mennyiségben
hy:Sugars in moderate quantity
hz:Sugars in moderate quantity
ia:Sugars in moderate quantity
id:Sugars di kuantitas moderat
ie:Sugars in moderate quantity
ig:Sugars in moderate quantity
ii:Sugars in moderate quantity
ik:Sugars in moderate quantity
io:Sugars in moderate quantity
is:Sugars in moderate quantity
it:Zuccheri in modica quantità
iu:Sugars in moderate quantity
ja:糖類 / 適度な量
jv:Sugars in moderate quantity
ka:Sugars in moderate quantity
kg:Sugars in moderate quantity
ki:Sugars in moderate quantity
kj:Sugars in moderate quantity
kk:Sugars in moderate quantity
kl:Sugars in moderate quantity
km:Sugars in moderate quantity
kn:Sugars in moderate quantity
ko:Sugars in 적당한 양
kr:Sugars in moderate quantity
ks:Sugars in moderate quantity
ku:Sugars in moderate quantity
kv:Sugars in moderate quantity
kw:Sugars in moderate quantity
ky:Sugars in moderate quantity
la:Sugars in moderate quantity
lb:Sugars in moderate quantity
lg:Sugars in moderate quantity
li:Sugars in moderate quantity
ln:Sugars in moderate quantity
lo:Sugars in moderate quantity
lt:Cukrūs in moderate quantity
lu:Sugars in moderate quantity
lv:Cukuri mērens daudzums
mg:Sugars in moderate quantity
mh:Sugars in moderate quantity
mi:Sugars in moderate quantity
mk:Sugars in moderate quantity
ml:Sugars in moderate quantity
mo:Sugars in moderate quantity
mr:Sugars in moderate quantity
ms:Sugars in moderate quantity
mt:Zokkor in moderate quantity
my:Sugars in moderate quantity
na:Sugars in moderate quantity
nb:Sukkerarter i moderate quantity
nd:Sugars in moderate quantity
ne:Sugars in moderate quantity
ng:Sugars in moderate quantity
nl:Suikers in gemiddelde hoeveelheid
nn:Sugars i moderate quantity
no:Sugars i moderate quantity
nr:Sugars in moderate quantity
nv:Sugars in moderate quantity
ny:Sugars in moderate quantity
oc:Sugars dins moderate quantity
oj:Sugars in moderate quantity
om:Sugars in moderate quantity
or:Sugars in moderate quantity
os:Sugars in moderate quantity
pa:Sugars in moderate quantity
pi:Sugars in moderate quantity
pl:Cukry w umiarkowana ilość
ps:Sugars in moderate quantity
pt:Açúcares em quantidade moderada
qu:Sugars in moderate quantity
rm:Sugars in moderate quantity
rn:Sugars in moderate quantity
ro:Zaharuri în cantitate moderată
ru:Сахара в умеренное количество
rw:Sugars in moderate quantity
sa:Sugars in moderate quantity
sc:Sugars in moderate quantity
sd:Sugars in moderate quantity
se:Sugars in moderate quantity
sg:Sugars in moderate quantity
si:Sugars in moderate quantity
sk:Cukry in moderate quantity
sl:Sladkorjev v zmerni količini
sm:Sugars in moderate quantity
sn:Sugars in moderate quantity
so:Sugars in moderate quantity
sq:Sugars in moderate quantity
sr:Sugars in moderate quantity
ss:Sugars in moderate quantity
st:Sugars in moderate quantity
su:Sugars in moderate quantity
sv:Sockerarter i måttlig kvantitet
sw:Sugars in moderate quantity
ta:Sugars in moderate quantity
te:Sugars in moderate quantity
tg:Sugars in moderate quantity
th:Sugars in ปริมาณปานกลาง
ti:Sugars in moderate quantity
tk:Sugars in moderate quantity
tl:Sugars sa katamtaman ang dami
tn:Sugars in moderate quantity
to:Sugars in moderate quantity
tr:Şeker içindeorta miktar
ts:Sugars in moderate quantity
tt:Sugars in moderate quantity
tw:Sugars in moderate quantity
ty:Sugars in moderate quantity
ug:Sugars in moderate quantity
uk:Sugars in moderate quantity
ur:Sugars in moderate quantity
uz:Sugars in moderate quantity
ve:Sugars in moderate quantity
vi:Sugars trong số lượng vừa phải
vo:Sugars in moderate quantity
wo:Sugars in moderate quantity
xh:Sugars in moderate quantity
xx:Sugars in moderate quantity
yi:Sugars in moderate quantity
yo:Sugars in moderate quantity
za:Sugars in moderate quantity
zh:糖在中等数量中
zu:Sugars in moderate quantity

