

en:Carnitine

< en:Carnitine
en:L-carnitine
bg:L-карнитин
cs:L-karnitin
de:L-Carnitin
el:L-καρνιτίνη
es:L-carnitina
et:L-karnitiin
fi:L-karnitiini
hu:L-karnitin
it:L-carnitina
lt:L-karnitinas
lv:L-karnitīns
mt:
pl:L-karnityna
pt:L-carnitina
ro:L-carnitină
sk:L-karnitín
sl:L-karnitin
sv:L-karnitin

< en:Carnitine
en:L-carnitine hydrochloride
bg:L-карнитин хидрохлорид
cs:L-karnitin-hydrochlorid
de:L-Carnitin-hydrochlorid
el:υδροχλωρική L-καρνιτίνη
es:Clorhidrato de L-carnitina
et:L-karnitiinhüdrokloriid
fi:L-karnitiinihydrokloridi
fr:L-chlorhydrate de carnitine
hu:L-karnitin-hidroklorid
it:cloridrato di L-carnitina
lt:L-karnitino hidrochloridas
lv:L-karnitīna hidrohlorīds
mt:
nl:L-carnitine-hydrochloride
pl:chlorowodorek L-karnityny
pt:cloridrato de L-carnitina
ro:clorhidrat de L-carnitină
sk:L-karnitínhydrochlorid
sl:L-karnitin hidroklorid
sv:L-karnitinhydroklorid

< en:Carnitine
en:L-carnitine-L-tartrate
bg:L-карнитин-L-тартарат
cs:L-karnitin-L-vinan
de:L-Carnitin-L-Tartrat
el:L-τρυγική L-καρνιτίνη
es:L-carnitina-L-tartrato
et:L-karnitiin-L-tartraat
fi:L-karnitiini- L-tartraatti
hu:L-karnitin-L-tartarát
it:L-carnitina-L-tartrato
lt:L-karnitino-L-tartratas
lv:L-karnitīns-L-tartrāts
mt:L-karnetina-L-tartrat
nl:L-carnitine-L-tartraat
pl:L-winian-L-karnityny
pt:L-carnitina-L-tartarato
ro:L-carnitină-L-tartrat
sk:L-karnitín-L-vínan
sl:L-karnitin-L-tartrat
sv:L-karnitin-L-tartrat

en:Choline

< en:Choline
en:choline bitartrate
bg:Холин битартарат
cs:cholin bitartát
de:Cholinbitartrat
el:διτρυγική χολίνη
es:bitartrato de colina
et:koliinvesiniktartraat
fi:koliinibitartraatti
fr:bitartrate de choline
hu:kolin-bitartarát
it:bitartrato di colina
lt:cholino bitartratas
lv:holīna bitartrāts
mt:bitartrat tal-kolin
nl:cholinebitartraat
pl:dwuwinian choliny
pt:bitartarato de colina
ro:bitartrat de colină
sk:cholín dvojvínan
sl:holin bitartrat
sv:kolinbitartrat

< en:Choline
en:choline chloride
bg:Холин хлорид
cs:cholin-chlorid
de:Cholinchlorid
el:χλωριούχος χολίνη
es:cloruro de colina
et:koliinkloriid
fi:koliinikloridi
fr:chlorure de choline
hu:kolin-klorid
it:cloruro di colina
lt:cholino chloridas
lv:holīna hlorīds
mt:klorat tal-kolin
nl:cholinechloride
pl:chlorek choliny
pt:cloridrato de colina
ro:clorură de colină
sk:cholín chlorid
sl:holin klorid
sv:kolinklorid

< en:Choline
en:choline citrate
bg:Холин цитрат
cs:citronan cholinu
de:Cholincitrat
el:κιτρική χολίνη
es:citrato de colina
et:koliintsitraat
fi:koliinisitraatti
fr:citrate de choline
hu:kolin-citrát
it:citrato di colina
lt:cholino citratas
lv:holīna citrāts
mt:ċitrat tal-kolin
nl:cholinecitraat
pl:cytrynian choliny
pt:citrato de colina
ro:citrat de colină
sk:cholín citran
sl:holin citrat
sv:kolincitrat

en:Inositol

en:Taurine

