# French stores

fr:Auchan
country:en: en:France,en:Portugal
wikidata:en:Q758603

fr:A 2 Pas
country:en: en:France

fr:Carrefour
country:en: en:France

fr:Carrefour Market
country:en: en:France

fr:Carrefour City
type:en:City center store
country:en: en:France

fr:Carrefour Contact
country:en: en:France

fr:Monoprix
country:en: en:France

fr:Monop'
country:en: en:France

fr:Casino
country:en: en:France

fr:Leader Price
country:en: en:France

fr:Picard
country:en: en:France

fr:Thiriet
country:en: en:France

fr:Naturalia
country:en: en:France

fr:Lidl
country:en: en:France,en:Germany,en:Portugal
wikidata:en:Q151954
country:en: en:France

fr:Leclerc, E-Leclerc
country:en: en:France,en:Portugal
wikidata:en:Q1273376

fr:Leclerc Drive
country:en: en:France

fr:Intermarché
country:en: en:France,en:Portugal

fr:Franprix
country:en: en:France

fr:Cora
country:en: en:France

fr:Bio C' Bon
country:en: en:France

fr:Magasins U
country:en: en:France

fr:Hyper U
country:en: en:France

fr:U Express
type:en:City center store
country:en: en:France

fr:Super U
country:en: en:France

fr:La vie claire
country:en: en:France



# Belgique

fr:Delhaize
country:en: en:Belgium

fr:Colruyt
country:en: en:Belgium



# Spanish stores

es:Dia
country:en: en:Spain

es:El Corte Ingles
country:en: en:Spain,en:Portugal

es:Mercadona
country:en: en:Spain,en:Portugal
wikidata:en:Q377705



# United Kingdom Stores

en:Woolworth's
country:en: en:United Kingdom

en:Tesco
country:en: en:United Kingdom

en:Sainsbury's
country:en: en:United Kingdom

en:Sainsbury's Local
country:en: en:United Kingdom

en:Sainsbury's Online
country:en: en:United Kingdom

en:Marks and Spencer
country:en: en:United Kingdom

en:Waitrose
country:en: en:United Kingdom

en:Morrisons
country:en: en:United Kingdom



# German stores

de:Aldi
wikidata:en:Q125054
country:en: en:Germany,en:Portugal
#geographically seperated

de:Aldi Nord
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q41171373

de:Aldi Süd
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q41171672

de:Alnatura
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q876811

de:BackWerk
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q798298
#self serving bakery

de:Café Kranzler
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q119168
#listed in database as as Cafe-kranzler

de:dm-drogerie markt
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q266572
#listed in database as Dm, Dm-drogeriemarkt

de:Edeka
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q701755

de:Getränke Hoffmann
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q19284021
#listed in database as Getranke-hofman

de:Hussel
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q17123688

de:Ikea
country:en: en:Germany,en:Portugal
wikidata:en:Q54078

de:Kaiser's Tengelmann, Kaiser's, Tengelmann
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q897187
#listed in database as Kaisers, Kaiser-s

de:Karstadt
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q182910
#listed in database as Karstadt-lebensmittel, Karstadt-lebensmittel-rewe

de:Kaufland
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q685967

de:Lidl
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q151954
#listed in database as Lidl-deutschland

de:Metro
country:en: en:Germany

de:Migros
country:en: en:Switzerland
wikidata:en:Q680727
#not to be confused with Migross

de:Müller
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q1958759
#listed in database as Muller

de:Netto
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q552652
#some products could also be wrongly added for Q879858

de:Netto Marken-Discount
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q879858
#listed in database as Netto-marken-discount

de:Norma
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q450180

de:Penny
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q284688

de:Real
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q698473

de:Reformhaus Engehardt
country:en: en:Germany
#reformhaus-engelhardt.de
#listed in database as Reformhaus-engelhardt

de:Reichelt
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q1709874

de:Rewe
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q16968817

de:Rossmann
country:en: en:Germany
wikidata:en:Q316004
#listed in database as (wrongly) Rossman



# Israeli stores

he:שופרסל
en:Shufersal
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q4523181

he:רמי לוי שיווק השקמה
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q6035779

he:יינות ביתן
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q6561327

he:מחסני השוק
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q6775183

he:ויקטורי
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q6564842

he:טיב טעם
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q2903718

he:אושר עד
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q31198118

he:חצי חינם
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q5682270

he:סאלח דבאח ובניו
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q25490237

he:נתיב החסד
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q86002196

he:קינג סטור
en:King Store
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q55649393

he:רשת AM:PM
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q6891113

he:מרכז המזון (Merkaza)
en:Merkaza
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q89314470

he:רשת יוחננוף
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q25492676

he:קופיקס
en:Cofix
country:en: en:Israel
wikidata:en:Q16132717



# Portugal stores

pt:Continente
country:en: en:Portugal
wikidata:en:Q2995683

pt:Continente Bom Dia
country:en: en:Portugal
wikidata:en:

pt:Continente Modelo
country:en: en:Portugal
wikidata:en:

pt:Meu Super
country:en: en:Portugal
wikidata:en:

pt:Pingo Doce
country:en: en:Portugal
wikidata:en:hQ1575057

pt:Minipreço
country:en: en:Portugal
wikidata:en:Q3042224
#Same as "Dia" in Spain? Same company but different name? At least they sell branded "Dia" products

pt:Pão de Açúcar
country:en: en:Portugal
wikidata:en:Q10355654
#Not the same company in Brazil with the same name.

pt:Amanhecer
country:en: en:Portugal

pt:Pão de Açúcar
country:en: en:Portugal
wikidata:en:Q7302409



# Brazil stores

pt:Pão de Açúcar
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q3411543

pt:Extra
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q5422131

pt:BIG
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10295765

pt:BIG Bompreço
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q4940907

pt:Boa Vista de Supermercados
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q65165839

pt:Bramil Supermercados
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q18462153

pt:Bretas
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q19608060

pt:Supermercados Condor
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10375048

pt:Destro Macroatacado
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10265722

pt:Carrefour Hiper
country:en: en:Brazil

pt:Carrefour Bairro
country:en: en:Brazil

pt:Carrefour Express
country:en: en:Brazil

pt:Carrefour Market
country:en: en:Brazil

pt:Carrefour Bairro
country:en: en:Brazil

pt:Atacadão
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidate:en:Q2868739

pt:Mart Minas
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q30931995

pt:Super Muffato
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10374879

pt:GBarbosa
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10287817

pt:Perini
country:en: en:Brazil

pt:Prezunic Supermercados
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10353760

pt:Mercantil Rodrigues
country:en: en:Brazil

pt:Companhia Beal de Alimentos
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q25440401

pt:Companhia Sulamericana de Distribuição
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q18477927

pt:Fort Atacadista
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q48879588

pt:Assaí Atacadista
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q28679415

pt:Compre Bem
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q5156947

pt:Grupo Atakarejo
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q20055922

pt:TodoDia
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10382887

pt:Maxxi Atacado
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10327819

pt:Nacional
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10358253

pt:Sam's Club
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q1972120

pt:Armazém Mateus
country:en: en:Brazil

pt:Supermercados Mateus
country:en: en:Brazil

pt:Mix Mateus
country:en: en:Brazil

pt:HiperIdeal
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:

pt:Super Bompreço
country:en: en:Brazil

pt:Lojas Y. Yamada
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10319590

pt:Mercantil Nova Era
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q67089458

pt:Nordestão
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10337369

pt:Paraná Supermercados
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10344657

pt:Multi Market
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10358246

pt:Mercado Torre Jacarepaguá
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10358278

pt:Redeconomia
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10358333

pt:Ricoy Supermercados
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10361326

pt:Sonda Supermercados
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10373286

pt:DB
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q30929567

pt:Supermercado Verdemar
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10375044

pt:Supermercados Giassi
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10375047

pt:Guanabara
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10375049

pt:Supermercados Imperatriz
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10375050

pt:Inter Supermercados
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10375051

pt:Mundial
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10375054

pt:Pague Menos
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10375055

pt:Unidos
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10375060

pt:Vianense
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10375061

pt:Zona Sul
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10395257

pt:Mega Box
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:

pt:Mercadinhos São Luiz
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q25420615

pt:Extrabom
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q10278877

pt:Atacadão Atakarejo
country:en: en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q20055922



# Angola stores

pt:Kero
country:en: en:Angola
wikidata:en:Q20056008



# Netherlands stores

pt:Macro
country:en: en:Netherlands,en:Portugal,en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q3411543



# United States of America stores

pt:McDonald's
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Australia,en:Brazil,en:Belgium,en:Canada,en:Chile,en:China,en:Colombia,en:Croatia,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Denmark,en:Ecuador,pt:Egypt,en:Finland,en:France,en:Germany,en:Greece,en:Hungary,en:India,en:Indonesia,en:Israel,en:Italy,en:Japan,en:Malaysia,en:Malta,en:Mexico,en:Netherlands,en:New Zealand,en:Norway,en:Morocco,en:Pakistan,en:Peru,en:Philippines,en:Poland,en:Portugal,en:Romania,en:Russia,en:Saudi Arabia,en:Serbia,en:Singapore,en:Slovakia,en:South Africa,en:South Korea,en:Spain,en:Slovenia,en:Sweden,en:Switzerland,en:Taiwan,en:Thailand,en:Turkey,en:Ukraine,en:United Arab Emirates,en:United Kingdom,en:United States of America,en:Venezuela,en:Vietnam
wikidata:en:Q38076
#listed in database as Mcdonald-s

pt:Burger King
country:en: en:United States of America,en:France,en:United Kingdom,en:Australia,en:Spain,en:Germany,en:Netherlands,en:Portugal,en:Brazil
wikidata:en:Q38076

# Stores via name-suggestion-index (Source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index/main/data/brands/shop/supermarket.json, https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index/blob/main/LICENSE.md) 
dk:365discount
wikidata:en:Q104671354
country:en: en:Denmark

hk:3hreeSixty
wikidata:en:Q7797310
country:en: en:Hong Kong

fr:8 à Huit
wikidata:en:Q2818601
country:en: en:France

us:99 Ranch Market
wikidata:en:Q4646307
country:en: en:United States

my:99 Speedmart
wikidata:en:Q62075061
country:en: en:Malaysia

my:99 Speedmart
wikidata:en:Q62075061
country:en: en:Malaysia,en:Singapore

it:A&O
wikidata:en:Q3600279
country:en: en:Italy

tr:A101
wikidata:en:Q6034496
country:en: en:Turkey

dk:ABC Lavpris
wikidata:en:Q12300077
country:en: en:Denmark

us:Acme
wikidata:en:Q341975
country:en: en:United States

be:AD Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q1184173
country:en: en:Belgium

be:AD Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q1184173
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Luxembourg

at:ADEG
wikidata:en:Q290211
country:en: en:Austria

my:AEON BiG
wikidata:en:Q8077280
country:en: en:Malaysia

es:Ahorramás
wikidata:en:Q58221883
country:en: en:Spain

cz:Albert
wikidata:en:Q9144241
country:en: en:Czech Republic

be:Albert Heijn
wikidata:en:Q1653985
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Albert Heijn
wikidata:en:Q1653985
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Netherlands

be:Albert Heijn XL
wikidata:en:Q78163765
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Albert Heijn XL
wikidata:en:Q78163765
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Netherlands

us:Albertsons
wikidata:en:Q2831861
country:en: en:United States

us-nm.geojson:Albertsons Market
wikidata:en:Q115350320
country:en: en:United States

es:Alcampo
wikidata:en:Q2832081
country:en: en:Spain

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain,en:France

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain,en:France,en:Luxembourg

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain,en:France,en:Luxembourg,en:Netherlands

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain,en:France,en:Luxembourg,en:Netherlands,en:Poland

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain,en:France,en:Luxembourg,en:Netherlands,en:Poland,en:Portugal

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China,en:United Kingdom

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China,en:United Kingdom,en:Hungary

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China,en:United Kingdom,en:Hungary,en:Ireland

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China,en:United Kingdom,en:Hungary,en:Ireland,en:Italy

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China,en:United Kingdom,en:Hungary,en:Ireland,en:Italy,en:United States

de:ALDI Nord
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Germany

de:ALDI Süd
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Germany

es:Alimerka
wikidata:en:Q16482738
country:en: en:Spain

ph:All Day Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q120142311
country:en: en:Philippines

ch:Alnatura Super Natur Markt
wikidata:en:Q876811
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Alnatura Super Natur Markt
wikidata:en:Q876811
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Germany

be:Alvo
wikidata:en:Q16068936
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Alvo
wikidata:en:Q16068936
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Luxembourg

il:AM:PM
wikidata:en:Q6891113
country:en: en:Israel

us:Amigo
wikidata:en:Q4746234
country:en: en:United States

us-tx.geojson:Amigos
wikidata:en:Q115350331
country:en: en:United States

us-il.geojson:Angelo Caputo's Fresh Markets
wikidata:en:Q118594294
country:en: en:United States

co:Ara
wikidata:en:Q63148677
country:en: en:Colombia

gb:Asda
wikidata:en:Q297410
country:en: en:United Kingdom

br:Assaí Atacadista
wikidata:en:Q28679415
country:en: en:Brazil

ma:Aswak Assalam
wikidata:en:Q2868678
country:en: en:Morocco

br:Atacadão
wikidata:en:Q2868739
country:en: en:Brazil

br:Atacadão
wikidata:en:Q2868739
country:en: en:Brazil,en:Morocco

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast)

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg,en:Mauritania

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg,en:Mauritania,en:Poland

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg,en:Mauritania,en:Poland,en:Portugal

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg,en:Mauritania,en:Poland,en:Portugal,en:Romania

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg,en:Mauritania,en:Poland,en:Portugal,en:Romania,en:Senegal

fr:Auchan Drive
wikidata:en:Q2870659
country:en: en:France

fr:Auchan Drive
wikidata:en:Q2870659
country:en: en:France,en:Luxembourg

fx:Auchan Supermarché
wikidata:en:Q105857776
country:en: en:France (Metropolitan)

us:Bashas'
wikidata:en:Q4866786
country:en: en:United States

de:basic
wikidata:en:Q809994
country:en: en:Germany

gr:Bazaar
wikidata:en:Q4875086
country:en: en:Greece

us-ca.geojson:Bel Air
wikidata:en:Q112922067
country:en: en:United States

us-il.geojson:Berkot's Super Foods
wikidata:en:Q118594324
country:en: en:United States

us-il.geojson:Berkot's Super Foods
wikidata:en:Q118594324
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

np:Bhat-Bhateni Super Market
wikidata:en:Q104847792
country:en: en:Nepal

us:BI-LO
wikidata:en:Q4835620
country:en: en:United States

fr:bi1
wikidata:en:Q56325139
country:en: en:France

fr:bi1
wikidata:en:Q56325139
country:en: en:France,en:Poland

pl:Biedronka
wikidata:en:Q857182
country:en: en:Poland

in:Big Bazaar
wikidata:en:Q3631008
country:en: en:India

br:BIG Bompreço
wikidata:en:Q4940907
country:en: en:Brazil

th:Big C
wikidata:en:Q858665
country:en: en:Thailand

th:Big C
wikidata:en:Q858665
country:en: en:Thailand,en:Viet Nam

al:Big Market
wikidata:en:Q28135235
country:en: en:Albania

us-ct.geojson:Big Y
wikidata:en:Q4906701
country:en: en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Big Y
wikidata:en:Q4906701
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

jp:Big-A
wikidata:en:Q11330804
country:en: en:Japan

dk:Bilka
wikidata:en:Q861880
country:en: en:Denmark

at:Billa
wikidata:en:Q537781
country:en: en:Austria

at:Billa
wikidata:en:Q537781
country:en: en:Austria,en:Bulgaria

at:Billa
wikidata:en:Q537781
country:en: en:Austria,en:Bulgaria,en:Slovak Republic

cz:Billa (Česko)
wikidata:en:Q42969493
country:en: en:Czech Republic

at:Billa Plus
wikidata:en:Q115431077
country:en: en:Austria

ma:BİM
wikidata:en:Q1022075
country:en: en:Morocco

ma:BİM
wikidata:en:Q1022075
country:en: en:Morocco,en:Turkey

nz:Bin Inn
wikidata:en:Q110524077
country:en: en:New Zealand

ba:Bingo
wikidata:en:Q16842066
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina

es:Bio C' Bon
wikidata:en:Q54312551
country:en: en:Spain

es:Bio C' Bon
wikidata:en:Q54312551
country:en: en:Spain,en:France

es:Bio C' Bon
wikidata:en:Q54312551
country:en: en:Spain,en:France,en:Japan

de:Bio Company
wikidata:en:Q864179
country:en: en:Germany

fr:Biocoop
wikidata:en:Q2904039
country:en: en:France

es:BM
wikidata:en:Q62073462
country:en: en:Spain

mx:Bodega Aurrera
wikidata:en:Q3365858
country:en: en:Mexico

ad:BonÀrea
wikidata:en:Q11924743
country:en: en:Andorra

ad:BonÀrea
wikidata:en:Q11924743
country:en: en:Andorra,en:Spain

nl:Boni
wikidata:en:Q4380634
country:en: en:Netherlands

es:Bonpreu
wikidata:en:Q11924747
country:en: en:Spain

fo:Bónus
wikidata:en:Q3480158
country:en: en:Faroe Islands

fo:Bónus
wikidata:en:Q3480158
country:en: en:Faroe Islands,en:Iceland

nl:Boon's Markt
wikidata:en:Q97704873
country:en: en:Netherlands

gb:Booths
wikidata:en:Q4943949
country:en: en:United Kingdom

sz:Boxer
wikidata:en:Q116586275
country:en: en:Swaziland

sz:Boxer
wikidata:en:Q116586275
country:en: en:Swaziland,en:South Africa

us:Bravo
wikidata:en:Q16985159
country:en: en:United States

us:Brookshire Brothers
wikidata:en:Q4975084
country:en: en:United States

us:Brookshire's
wikidata:en:Q4975085
country:en: en:United States

gb:Budgens
wikidata:en:Q4985016
country:en: en:United Kingdom

ca:Bulk Barn
wikidata:en:Q4996466
country:en: en:Canada

no:Bunnpris
wikidata:en:Q1774634
country:en: en:Norway

us-il.geojson:Butera Market
wikidata:en:Q118629448
country:en: en:United States

us:C-Town Supermarkets
wikidata:en:Q5005929
country:en: en:United States

cn:C!ty'super
wikidata:en:Q5124105
country:en: en:China

cn:C!ty'super
wikidata:en:Q5124105
country:en: en:China,en:Japan

cn:C!ty'super
wikidata:en:Q5124105
country:en: en:China,en:Japan,en:Taiwan

lu:Cactus
wikidata:en:Q466918
country:en: en:Luxembourg

de:CAP-Markt
wikidata:en:Q1022827
country:en: en:Germany

ad:Caprabo
wikidata:en:Q1980781
country:en: en:Andorra

ad:Caprabo
wikidata:en:Q1980781
country:en: en:Andorra,en:Spain

us:Cardenas
wikidata:en:Q64149543
country:en: en:United States

lk:Cargills Food City (Sri Lanka)
wikidata:en:Q58353955
country:en: en:Sri Lanka

be:Carrefour City
wikidata:en:Q2940187
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Carrefour City
wikidata:en:Q2940187
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

fr:Carrefour Contact
wikidata:en:Q2940188
country:en: en:France

tr:CarrefourSA
wikidata:en:Q28870164
country:en: en:Turkey

co:Carulla
wikidata:en:Q5047480
country:en: en:Colombia

fr:Casino
wikidata:en:Q89029184
country:en: en:France

hu:CBA
wikidata:en:Q779845
country:en: en:Hungary

hu:CBA
wikidata:en:Q779845
country:en: en:Hungary,en:Romania

hu:CBA
wikidata:en:Q779845
country:en: en:Hungary,en:Romania,en:Slovak Republic

bg:CBA (България)
wikidata:en:Q779845
country:en: en:Bulgaria

pt:Celeiro
wikidata:en:Q114102189
country:en: en:Portugal

gb:Centra
wikidata:en:Q747678
country:en: en:United Kingdom

gb:Centra
wikidata:en:Q747678
country:en: en:United Kingdom,en:Ireland

fr:Centre Commercial E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:France

fr:Centre Commercial E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:France,en:Poland

us-il.geojson:Cermak Fresh Market
wikidata:en:Q118865499
country:en: en:United States

es:Charter
wikidata:en:Q95916752
country:en: en:Spain

pl:Chata Polska
wikidata:en:Q61994406
country:en: en:Poland

bw:Checkers
wikidata:en:Q5089126
country:en: en:Botswana

bw:Checkers
wikidata:en:Q5089126
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Namibia

bw:Checkers
wikidata:en:Q5089126
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Namibia,en:South Africa

za:Checkers Hyper
wikidata:en:Q116518886
country:en: en:South Africa

mx:Chedraui
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

bw:Choppies
wikidata:en:Q5104860
country:en: en:Botswana

bw:Choppies
wikidata:en:Q5104860
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Zambia

bw:Choppies
wikidata:en:Q5104860
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Zambia,en:Zimbabwe

ca:Co-op (Canada)
wikidata:en:Q5440676
country:en: en:Canada

gb:Co-op Food
wikidata:en:Q3277439
country:en: en:United Kingdom

es:Coaliment
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Spain

fr:Coccinelle Express
wikidata:en:Q90020479
country:en: en:France

fr:Coccinelle Supermarché
wikidata:en:Q90020459
country:en: en:France

au:Coles
wikidata:en:Q1108172
country:en: en:Australia

au:Coles
wikidata:en:Q1108172
country:en: en:Australia,en:United Kingdom

au:Coles Central
wikidata:en:Q5144653
country:en: en:Australia

au:Coles Local
wikidata:en:Q104850818
country:en: en:Australia

be:Colruyt
wikidata:en:Q2363991
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Colruyt
wikidata:en:Q2363991
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

be:Colruyt
wikidata:en:Q2363991
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Luxembourg

de:Combi
wikidata:en:Q1113618
country:en: en:Germany

mx:Comercial Mexicana
wikidata:en:Q2985173
country:en: en:Mexico

al:Conad
wikidata:en:Q639075
country:en: en:Albania

al:Conad
wikidata:en:Q639075
country:en: en:Albania,en:Italy

it:Conad City
wikidata:en:Q57543102
country:en: en:Italy

it:Conad Superstore
wikidata:en:Q118129616
country:en: en:Italy

es:Condis
wikidata:en:Q57417581
country:en: en:Spain

es:Consum
wikidata:en:Q8350308
country:en: en:Spain

pt:Continente
wikidata:en:Q2995683
country:en: en:Portugal

pt:Continente Modelo
wikidata:en:Q1892188
country:en: en:Portugal

it:Coop (Italia)
wikidata:en:Q1129774
country:en: en:Italy

nl:Coop (Nederland)
wikidata:en:Q2390074
country:en: en:Netherlands

ch:Coop (Schweiz)
wikidata:en:Q432564
country:en: en:Switzerland

se:Coop (Sverige)
wikidata:en:Q15229319
country:en: en:Sweden

ee:Coop Eesti
wikidata:en:Q12361460
country:en: en:Estonia

cz:COOP Jednota
wikidata:en:Q41629254
country:en: en:Czech Republic

cz:COOP Jednota
wikidata:en:Q41629254
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Slovak Republic

no:Coop Marked
wikidata:en:Q5167703
country:en: en:Norway

no:Coop Mega
wikidata:en:Q4581010
country:en: en:Norway

no:Coop Prix
wikidata:en:Q5167705
country:en: en:Norway

hu:Coop Szuper
wikidata:en:Q868980
country:en: en:Hungary

nl:Coop Vandaag
wikidata:en:Q98455765
country:en: en:Netherlands

it:Coop.fi
wikidata:en:Q4004707
country:en: en:Italy

nl:CoopCompact
wikidata:en:Q98454887
country:en: en:Netherlands

ar:Cooperativa Obrera
wikidata:en:Q110454268
country:en: en:Argentina

be:Cora
wikidata:en:Q686643
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Cora
wikidata:en:Q686643
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

be:Cora
wikidata:en:Q686643
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Luxembourg

be:Cora
wikidata:en:Q686643
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Luxembourg,en:Romania

fr:Côté Nature
wikidata:en:Q90016283
country:en: en:France

ar:Coto
wikidata:en:Q5175411
country:en: en:Argentina

nz:Countdown
wikidata:en:Q5176845
country:en: en:New Zealand

es:Covirán
wikidata:en:Q61070539
country:en: en:Spain

es:Covirán
wikidata:en:Q61070539
country:en: en:Spain,en:Portugal

ch:Crai
wikidata:en:Q3696429
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Crai
wikidata:en:Q3696429
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Italy

us:Cub Foods
wikidata:en:Q5191916
country:en: en:United States

us:D'Agostino
wikidata:en:Q20656844
country:en: en:United States

us:D&W Fresh Market
wikidata:en:Q5203035
country:en: en:United States

co:D1
wikidata:en:Q43403418
country:en: en:Colombia

dk:Dagli'Brugsen
wikidata:en:Q12307017
country:en: en:Denmark

nl:Dagwinkel
wikidata:en:Q2433706
country:en: en:Netherlands

it:Decò
wikidata:en:Q65127915
country:en: en:Italy

nl:Deen
wikidata:en:Q13571727
country:en: en:Netherlands

nl:DekaMarkt
wikidata:en:Q2489350
country:en: en:Netherlands

be:Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q1184173
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q1184173
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Luxembourg

pl:Delikatesy Centrum
wikidata:en:Q11693824
country:en: en:Poland

ch:Denner
wikidata:en:Q379911
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Denner
wikidata:en:Q379911
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Liechtenstein

at:Denns BioMarkt
wikidata:en:Q48883773
country:en: en:Austria

at:Denns BioMarkt
wikidata:en:Q48883773
country:en: en:Austria,en:Germany

it:Despar
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Italy

gt:Despensa Familiar
wikidata:en:Q61994849
country:en: en:Guatemala

gt:Despensa Familiar
wikidata:en:Q61994849
country:en: en:Guatemala,en:Honduras

gt:Despensa Familiar
wikidata:en:Q61994849
country:en: en:Guatemala,en:Honduras,en:El Salvador

ar:Dia
wikidata:en:Q925132
country:en: en:Argentina

ar:Dia
wikidata:en:Q925132
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Brazil

ar:Dia
wikidata:en:Q925132
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Brazil,en:Spain

us:Dierbergs
wikidata:en:Q5274978
country:en: en:United States

us:Dillons
wikidata:en:Q5276954
country:en: en:United States

pl:Dino
wikidata:en:Q11694239
country:en: en:Poland

nl:Dirk
wikidata:en:Q17502722
country:en: en:Netherlands

ar:Disco (Argentina)
wikidata:en:Q6135978
country:en: en:Argentina

uy:Disco (Uruguay)
wikidata:en:Q16636819
country:en: en:Uruguay

de:diska
wikidata:en:Q62390177
country:en: en:Germany

in:DMart
wikidata:en:Q5203271
country:en: en:India

us:Dollar General Market
wikidata:en:Q145168
country:en: en:United States

de:Dornseifers Frischemarkt
wikidata:en:Q112254717
country:en: en:Germany

it:Dpiù
wikidata:en:Q3709955
country:en: en:Italy

au:Drakes
wikidata:en:Q48988077
country:en: en:Australia

gb:Dunnes Stores
wikidata:en:Q1266203
country:en: en:United Kingdom

gb:Dunnes Stores
wikidata:en:Q1266203
country:en: en:United Kingdom,en:Ireland

de:E-Center
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

kr:E-Mart
wikidata:en:Q490371
country:en: en:Korea (South)

es:E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:Spain

es:E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:Spain,en:France

es:E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:Spain,en:France,en:Poland

es:E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:Spain,en:France,en:Poland,en:Portugal

fr:E.Leclerc Drive
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:France

fr:E.Leclerc Express
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:France

gb:East of England CO-OP
wikidata:en:Q5329759
country:en: en:United Kingdom

ch:ebl-Naturkost
wikidata:en:Q22691722
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:ebl-Naturkost
wikidata:en:Q22691722
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Germany

es:Economy Cash
wikidata:en:Q114915795
country:en: en:Spain

my:Econsave
wikidata:en:Q61776608
country:en: en:Malaysia

de:EDEKA
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

de:EDEKA aktiv markt
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

de:EDEKA xpress
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

pl:Eko
wikidata:en:Q9251859
country:en: en:Poland

it:Ekom
wikidata:en:Q62073442
country:en: en:Italy

cl:Ekono
wikidata:en:Q2842729
country:en: en:Chile

be:Ekoplaza
wikidata:en:Q47017915
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Ekoplaza
wikidata:en:Q47017915
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Netherlands

es:El Jamón
wikidata:en:Q6135982
country:en: en:Spain

de:Elli
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

nl:EMTÉ
wikidata:en:Q3119122
country:en: en:Netherlands

us-ca.geojson:Erewhon
wikidata:en:Q105628552
country:en: en:United States

es:Eroski
wikidata:en:Q1361349
country:en: en:Spain

es:Eroski
wikidata:en:Q1361349
country:en: en:Spain,en:Gibraltar

es:Eroski City
wikidata:en:Q1361349
country:en: en:Spain

it:Esselunga
wikidata:en:Q1059636
country:en: en:Italy

at:ETSAN
wikidata:en:Q25916921
country:en: en:Austria

it:EuroSpin
wikidata:en:Q1374674
country:en: en:Italy

it:EuroSpin
wikidata:en:Q1374674
country:en: en:Italy,en:Slovenia

ph:Ever
wikidata:en:Q120684300
country:en: en:Philippines

no:Extra
wikidata:en:Q11964085
country:en: en:Norway

de:famila
wikidata:en:Q1395108
country:en: en:Germany

de:famila
wikidata:en:Q1395108
country:en: en:Germany,en:Italy

us:Family Fare
wikidata:en:Q19868045
country:en: en:United States

us:Fareway
wikidata:en:Q5434998
country:en: en:United States

ca:Farm Boy
wikidata:en:Q5435469
country:en: en:Canada

at:Feneberg
wikidata:en:Q5345378
country:en: en:Austria

at:Feneberg
wikidata:en:Q5345378
country:en: en:Austria,en:Germany

us:Fiesta Mart
wikidata:en:Q5447326
country:en: en:United States

us-ca.geojson:Food 4 Less
wikidata:en:Q5465282
country:en: en:United States

us-ca.geojson:Food 4 Less
wikidata:en:Q5465282
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-ca.geojson:Food 4 Less
wikidata:en:Q5465282
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us:Food City (USA)
wikidata:en:Q16981107
country:en: en:United States

es:Food Lion
wikidata:en:Q1435950
country:en: en:Spain

es:Food Lion
wikidata:en:Q1435950
country:en: en:Spain,en:United States

bw:Food Lover's Market
wikidata:en:Q65071570
country:en: en:Botswana

bw:Food Lover's Market
wikidata:en:Q65071570
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Namibia

bw:Food Lover's Market
wikidata:en:Q65071570
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Namibia,en:South Africa

au:Foodland (Australia)
wikidata:en:Q5465555
country:en: en:Australia

ca:Foodland (Canada)
wikidata:en:Q5465554
country:en: en:Canada

us-hi:Foodland (Hawaii)
wikidata:en:Q5465560
country:en: en:United States

us:FoodMaxx
wikidata:en:Q61894844
country:en: en:United States

us-ca.geojson:Foods Co
wikidata:en:Q5465282
country:en: en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Foodtown
wikidata:en:Q5465575
country:en: en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Foodtown
wikidata:en:Q5465575
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Foodtown
wikidata:en:Q5465575
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Foodtown
wikidata:en:Q5465575
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

au:Foodworks
wikidata:en:Q5465579
country:en: en:Australia

ca:Fortinos
wikidata:en:Q5472662
country:en: en:Canada

dk:Føtex
wikidata:en:Q1480395
country:en: en:Denmark

nz:Four Square
wikidata:en:Q5475558
country:en: en:New Zealand

pl:FRAC
wikidata:en:Q18817260
country:en: en:Poland

us:Fred Meyer
wikidata:en:Q5495932
country:en: en:United States

sk:Fresh Plus
wikidata:en:Q50737403
country:en: en:Slovak Republic

us:Fresh Thyme
wikidata:en:Q64132791
country:en: en:United States

nz:FreshChoice
wikidata:en:Q22271877
country:en: en:New Zealand

ca:FreshCo
wikidata:en:Q5502915
country:en: en:Canada

es:Froiz
wikidata:en:Q17070775
country:en: en:Spain

es:Froiz
wikidata:en:Q17070775
country:en: en:Spain,en:Portugal

us:Fry's Food and Drug
wikidata:en:Q5506547
country:en: en:United States

us:Fry's Marketplace
wikidata:en:Q5506547
country:en: en:United States

hk:fusion
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Hong Kong

fr:G20
wikidata:en:Q3504731
country:en: en:France

es:Gadis
wikidata:en:Q114398305
country:en: en:Spain

br:GBarbosa
wikidata:en:Q10287817
country:en: en:Brazil

cg:Géant Casino
wikidata:en:Q1380537
country:en: en:Congo

cg:Géant Casino
wikidata:en:Q1380537
country:en: en:Congo,en:France

us-ca.geojson:Gelson's
wikidata:en:Q16993993
country:en: en:United States

us-pa.geojson:Giant (Carlisle)
wikidata:en:Q5558332
country:en: en:United States

us-dc.geojson:Giant (Landover)
wikidata:en:Q5558336
country:en: en:United States

us-dc.geojson:Giant (Landover)
wikidata:en:Q5558336
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-dc.geojson:Giant (Landover)
wikidata:en:Q5558336
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-dc.geojson:Giant (Landover)
wikidata:en:Q5558336
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-in.geojson:Giant Eagle
wikidata:en:Q1522721
country:en: en:United States

us-in.geojson:Giant Eagle
wikidata:en:Q1522721
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-in.geojson:Giant Eagle
wikidata:en:Q1522721
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-in.geojson:Giant Eagle
wikidata:en:Q1522721
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-in.geojson:Giant Eagle
wikidata:en:Q1522721
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

id:Giant Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q4217013
country:en: en:Indonesia

id:Giant Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q4217013
country:en: en:Indonesia,en:Malaysia

id:Giant Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q4217013
country:en: en:Indonesia,en:Malaysia,en:Singapore

id:Giant Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q4217013
country:en: en:Indonesia,en:Malaysia,en:Singapore,en:Viet Nam

cz:Globus
wikidata:en:Q457503
country:en: en:Czech Republic

cz:Globus
wikidata:en:Q457503
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany

cz:Globus
wikidata:en:Q457503
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Russian Federation

de:Go Asia
wikidata:en:Q102381911
country:en: en:Germany

ca:Gordon Food Service
wikidata:en:Q1538006
country:en: en:Canada

ca:Gordon Food Service
wikidata:en:Q1538006
country:en: en:Canada,en:United States

fr:Grand Frais
wikidata:en:Q3114675
country:en: en:France

us:Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q5609934
country:en: en:United States

pl:Groszek
wikidata:en:Q9280965
country:en: en:Poland

it:Gulliver
wikidata:en:Q110454395
country:en: en:Italy

ca:H Mart
wikidata:en:Q5636306
country:en: en:Canada

ca:H Mart
wikidata:en:Q5636306
country:en: en:Canada,en:United Kingdom

ca:H Mart
wikidata:en:Q5636306
country:en: en:Canada,en:United Kingdom,en:United States

mx:H-E-B
wikidata:en:Q830621
country:en: en:Mexico

mx:H-E-B
wikidata:en:Q830621
country:en: en:Mexico,en:United States

mx:H-E-B plus!
wikidata:en:Q830621
country:en: en:Mexico

mx:H-E-B plus!
wikidata:en:Q830621
country:en: en:Mexico,en:United States

tr:Hakmar
wikidata:en:Q110454434
country:en: en:Turkey

tr:Hakmar Express
wikidata:en:Q110454466
country:en: en:Turkey

ee:HalpaHalli
wikidata:en:Q11861256
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:HalpaHalli
wikidata:en:Q11861256
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Finland

ee:HalpaHalli
wikidata:en:Q11861256
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Finland,en:Russian Federation

us:Hannaford
wikidata:en:Q5648760
country:en: en:United States

us:Harps
wikidata:en:Q16994839
country:en: en:United States

au:Harris Farm Markets
wikidata:en:Q5664888
country:en: en:Australia

us:Harris Teeter
wikidata:en:Q5665067
country:en: en:United States

se:Hemköp
wikidata:en:Q10521746
country:en: en:Sweden

de:HERKULES Ecenter
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

id:Hero Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q12485604
country:en: en:Indonesia

gb:Heron Foods
wikidata:en:Q5743472
country:en: en:United Kingdom

es:Hiper Simply
wikidata:en:Q5643014
country:en: en:Spain

es:Hipercor
wikidata:en:Q191574
country:en: en:Spain

es:HiperDino
wikidata:en:Q105955292
country:en: en:Spain

bo:Hipermaxi
wikidata:en:Q81968262
country:en: en:Bolivia

de:HIT
wikidata:en:Q1548713
country:en: en:Germany

bg:HitMax
wikidata:en:Q114053568
country:en: en:Bulgaria

be:Hmarket
wikidata:en:Q119994958
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Hmarket
wikidata:en:Q119994958
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

at:Hofer
wikidata:en:Q15815751
country:en: en:Austria

at:Hofer
wikidata:en:Q15815751
country:en: en:Austria,en:Slovenia

nl:Hoogvliet
wikidata:en:Q2770647
country:en: en:Netherlands

cz:Hruška
wikidata:en:Q58196374
country:en: en:Czech Republic

us:Hy-Vee
wikidata:en:Q1639719
country:en: en:United States

fr:Hyper U
wikidata:en:Q2529029
country:en: en:France

bo:IC Norte
wikidata:en:Q81967653
country:en: en:Bolivia

se:ICA Kvantum
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Sweden

se:ICA Nära
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Sweden

no:ICA Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Norway

no:ICA Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Norway,en:Sweden

us:Ideal Food Basket
wikidata:en:Q111908729
country:en: en:United States

ca:IGA
wikidata:en:Q3146662
country:en: en:Canada

ca:IGA
wikidata:en:Q3146662
country:en: en:Canada,en:United States

au:IGA (Australia)
wikidata:en:Q5970945
country:en: en:Australia

lt:IKI
wikidata:en:Q1653981
country:en: en:Lithuania

it:In's Mercato
wikidata:en:Q105615834
country:en: en:Italy

it:Incoop
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Italy

us:Ingles
wikidata:en:Q6032595
country:en: en:United States

fr:Intermarché Drive
wikidata:en:Q3153200
country:en: en:France

fr:Intermarché Express
wikidata:en:Q98278043
country:en: en:France

fr:Intermarché Express
wikidata:en:Q98278043
country:en: en:France,en:Portugal

fr:Intermarché Hyper
wikidata:en:Q98278022
country:en: en:France

be:Intermarché Super
wikidata:en:Q98278038
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Intermarché Super
wikidata:en:Q98278038
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

be:Intermarché Super
wikidata:en:Q98278038
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Poland

be:Intermarché Super
wikidata:en:Q98278038
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Poland,en:Portugal

at:Interspar
wikidata:en:Q15820339
country:en: en:Austria

at:Interspar
wikidata:en:Q15820339
country:en: en:Austria,en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

it:Iperal
wikidata:en:Q3801481
country:en: en:Italy

it:Ipercoop
wikidata:en:Q6064990
country:en: en:Italy

dk:Irma
wikidata:en:Q797150
country:en: en:Denmark

nl:Jan Linders
wikidata:en:Q2200982
country:en: en:Netherlands

us:Jewel-Osco
wikidata:en:Q3178470
country:en: en:United States

no:Joker
wikidata:en:Q716328
country:en: en:Norway

be:Jumbo
wikidata:en:Q2262314
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Jumbo
wikidata:en:Q2262314
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Netherlands

ar:Jumbo (Cencosud)
wikidata:en:Q6310864
country:en: en:Argentina

ar:Jumbo (Cencosud)
wikidata:en:Q6310864
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Chile

ar:Jumbo (Cencosud)
wikidata:en:Q6310864
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Chile,en:Colombia

fi:K-Citymarket
wikidata:en:Q11868561
country:en: en:Finland

fi:K-Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q5408668
country:en: en:Finland

de:K+K
wikidata:en:Q1718009
country:en: en:Germany

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Croatia (Hrvatska),en:Moldova

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Croatia (Hrvatska),en:Moldova,en:Poland

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Croatia (Hrvatska),en:Moldova,en:Poland,en:Romania

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Croatia (Hrvatska),en:Moldova,en:Poland,en:Romania,en:Slovak Republic

bg:Kaufland (България)
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Bulgaria

bo:Ketal
wikidata:en:Q81967299
country:en: en:Bolivia

us:Key Food
wikidata:en:Q6398037
country:en: en:United States

au:KFL Supermarkets
wikidata:en:Q113462406
country:en: en:Australia

us:King Soopers
wikidata:en:Q6412065
country:en: en:United States

us:King Soopers Marketplace
wikidata:en:Q6412065
country:en: en:United States

us:Kings
wikidata:en:Q6412914
country:en: en:United States

tr:Kipa
wikidata:en:Q218006
country:en: en:Turkey

no:Kiwi
wikidata:en:Q1613639
country:en: en:Norway

sk:Klas
wikidata:en:Q116718756
country:en: en:Slovak Republic

ba:Konzum (Balkans)
wikidata:en:Q518563
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina

ba:Konzum (Balkans)
wikidata:en:Q518563
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina,en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

cz:Konzum (Česko)
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Czech Republic

cz:Konzum (Česko)
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Slovak Republic

uz:Korzinka
wikidata:en:Q110120894
country:en: en:Uzbekistan

us:Kroger
wikidata:en:Q153417
country:en: en:United States

us:Kroger Marketplace
wikidata:en:Q153417
country:en: en:United States

is:Krónan
wikidata:en:Q16419327
country:en: en:Iceland

us-hi:KTA Super Stores
wikidata:en:Q44361030
country:en: en:United States

de:Kupsch
wikidata:en:Q1750581
country:en: en:Germany

dk:Kvickly
wikidata:en:Q7061148
country:en: en:Denmark

fr:L'Eau Vive
wikidata:en:Q89200423
country:en: en:France

ar:La Anónima
wikidata:en:Q6135985
country:en: en:Argentina

mx:La Comer
wikidata:en:Q26765126
country:en: en:Mexico

us:La Michoacana Meat Market
wikidata:en:Q6463872
country:en: en:United States

es:La Plaza de DIA
wikidata:en:Q58904673
country:en: en:Spain

fr:La Vie Claire
wikidata:en:Q3213589
country:en: en:France

ch:Landi
wikidata:en:Q1803010
country:en: en:Switzerland

fr:Les Comptoirs De La Bio
wikidata:en:Q120801428
country:en: en:France

pl:Lewiatan
wikidata:en:Q11755396
country:en: en:Poland

cl:Lider
wikidata:en:Q6711261
country:en: en:Chile

cl:Lider Express
wikidata:en:Q6711261
country:en: en:Chile

gb:Lincolnshire Co-op
wikidata:en:Q6551231
country:en: en:United Kingdom

md:Linella
wikidata:en:Q61085990
country:en: en:Moldova

ca:Loblaws
wikidata:en:Q3257626
country:en: en:Canada

ie:Londis (Ireland)
wikidata:en:Q21015800
country:en: en:Ireland

gb:Londis (UK)
wikidata:en:Q21008564
country:en: en:United Kingdom

gb-eng:Longdan
wikidata:en:Q111462402
country:en: en:United Kingdom

ca-on.geojson:Longo's
wikidata:en:Q6674182
country:en: en:Canada

id:Lotte Mart
wikidata:en:Q326715
country:en: en:Indonesia

id:Lotte Mart
wikidata:en:Q326715
country:en: en:Indonesia,en:Korea (South)

my:Lotus's
wikidata:en:Q2378901
country:en: en:Malaysia

my:Lotus's
wikidata:en:Q2378901
country:en: en:Malaysia,en:Thailand

dk:Løvbjerg
wikidata:en:Q12325422
country:en: en:Denmark

us:Lowe's Market
wikidata:en:Q6693107
country:en: en:United States

us:Lowes Foods
wikidata:en:Q6693991
country:en: en:United States

de:LPG BioMarkt
wikidata:en:Q107983669
country:en: en:Germany

us:Lucky
wikidata:en:Q6698032
country:en: en:United States

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia,en:India

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia,en:India,en:Kuwait

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia,en:India,en:Kuwait,en:Malaysia

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia,en:India,en:Kuwait,en:Malaysia,en:Oman

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia,en:India,en:Kuwait,en:Malaysia,en:Oman,en:Qatar

es:Lupa
wikidata:en:Q58044048
country:en: en:Spain

tr:Macrocenter
wikidata:en:Q123194881
country:en: en:Turkey

us:Marc's
wikidata:en:Q17080259
country:en: en:United States

ca:Marché Adonis
wikidata:en:Q20707426
country:en: en:Canada

in:Margin Free Market
wikidata:en:Q99751436
country:en: en:India

us-il.geojson:Mariano's Fresh Market
wikidata:en:Q55622168
country:en: en:United States

ma:Marjane
wikidata:en:Q2055692
country:en: en:Morocco

de:Markant
wikidata:en:Q57523365
country:en: en:Germany

gr:Market In
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Greece

us:Market of Choice
wikidata:en:Q6770822
country:en: en:United States

hk:Market Place
wikidata:en:Q10851178
country:en: en:Hong Kong

hk:Market Place by Jasons
wikidata:en:Q6770713
country:en: en:Hong Kong

us-nm.geojson:Market Street
wikidata:en:Q119405196
country:en: en:United States

us-nm.geojson:Market Street
wikidata:en:Q119405196
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

de:MARKTKAUF
wikidata:en:Q1533254
country:en: en:Germany

nl:Marqt
wikidata:en:Q55361811
country:en: en:Netherlands

us-in.geojson:Martin's Super Markets
wikidata:en:Q6774803
country:en: en:United States

us-in.geojson:Martin's Super Markets
wikidata:en:Q6774803
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

be:Match
wikidata:en:Q513977
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Match
wikidata:en:Q513977
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

be:Match
wikidata:en:Q513977
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Hungary

be:Match
wikidata:en:Q513977
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg

no:Matkroken
wikidata:en:Q11988679
country:en: en:Norway

ca:Maxi (Canada)
wikidata:en:Q3302441
country:en: en:Canada

es:Maxi Dia
wikidata:en:Q925132
country:en: en:Spain

no:Maxi ICA Stormarknad
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Norway

no:Maxi ICA Stormarknad
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Norway,en:Sweden

ee:Maxima X
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:Maxima X
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania

ee:Maxima X
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia

ee:Maxima XX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:Maxima XX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania

ee:Maxima XX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia

ee:Maxima XX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia,en:Poland

ee:Maxima XXX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:Maxima XXX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania

ee:Maxima XXX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia

ee:Maxima XXX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia,en:Poland

at:Maximarkt
wikidata:en:Q55524814
country:en: en:Austria

cn:MaxValu
wikidata:en:Q11340427
country:en: en:China

cn:MaxValu
wikidata:en:Q11340427
country:en: en:China,en:Malaysia

cn:MaxValu
wikidata:en:Q11340427
country:en: en:China,en:Malaysia,en:Thailand

nl:MCD
wikidata:en:Q46936596
country:en: en:Netherlands

it:MD
wikidata:en:Q3841263
country:en: en:Italy

ro:Mega Image
wikidata:en:Q6808085
country:en: en:Romania

na:Megasave
wikidata:en:Q116520541
country:en: en:Namibia

na:Megasave
wikidata:en:Q116520541
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland

na:Megasave
wikidata:en:Q116520541
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland,en:South Africa

jp:MEGAドン・キホーテ
wikidata:en:Q1185381
country:en: en:Japan

lv:Mego
wikidata:en:Q16363314
country:en: en:Latvia

us:Meijer
wikidata:en:Q1917753
country:en: en:United States

de:mein real
wikidata:en:Q698473
country:en: en:Germany

dk:Meny
wikidata:en:Q10581720
country:en: en:Denmark

dk:Meny
wikidata:en:Q10581720
country:en: en:Denmark,en:Norway

br:Mercado Extra
wikidata:en:Q5422131
country:en: en:Brazil

es:Mercadona
wikidata:en:Q377705
country:en: en:Spain

es:Mercadona
wikidata:en:Q377705
country:en: en:Spain,en:Portugal

ba:Mercator
wikidata:en:Q738412
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina

ba:Mercator
wikidata:en:Q738412
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina,en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

ba:Mercator
wikidata:en:Q738412
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina,en:Croatia (Hrvatska),en:Slovenia

cy:Metro (Cyprus)
wikidata:en:Q6715491
country:en: en:Cyprus

ca-on.geojson:Metro (Ontario & Quebec)
wikidata:en:Q1145669
country:en: en:Canada

ca-on.geojson:Metro (Ontario & Quebec)
wikidata:en:Q1145669
country:en: en:Canada,en:Canada

pe:Metro (Perú)
wikidata:en:Q16640217
country:en: en:Peru

ph:Metro Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q23808789
country:en: en:Philippines

pt:Meu Super
wikidata:en:Q119948154
country:en: en:Portugal

mx:Mi Bodega Aurrera
wikidata:en:Q3365858
country:en: en:Mexico

tr:Migros Jet
wikidata:en:Q1754510
country:en: en:Turkey

pl:Mila
wikidata:en:Q48844636
country:en: en:Poland

sk:Milk-Agro
wikidata:en:Q64173785
country:en: en:Slovak Republic

dk:Min Købmand
wikidata:en:Q104310815
country:en: en:Denmark

pt:Minipreço
wikidata:en:Q3042224
country:en: en:Portugal

us:Mitsuwa Marketplace
wikidata:en:Q6883386
country:en: en:United States

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France,en:United Kingdom

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France,en:United Kingdom,en:Greece

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France,en:United Kingdom,en:Greece,en:Italy

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France,en:United Kingdom,en:Greece,en:Italy,en:Netherlands

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France,en:United Kingdom,en:Greece,en:Italy,en:Netherlands,en:Portugal

bg:Mix Markt (България)
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Bulgaria

pl:Mokpol
wikidata:en:Q113227698
country:en: en:Poland

ad:Monoprix (France)
wikidata:en:Q3321241
country:en: en:Andorra

ad:Monoprix (France)
wikidata:en:Q3321241
country:en: en:Andorra,en:France

tn:Monoprix (Tunisia)
wikidata:en:Q2719231
country:en: en:Tunisia

in:More
wikidata:en:Q6910891
country:en: en:India

gb:Morrisons
wikidata:en:Q922344
country:en: en:United Kingdom

at:MPREIS
wikidata:en:Q873491
country:en: en:Austria

at:MPREIS
wikidata:en:Q873491
country:en: en:Austria,en:Italy

gr:My market
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Greece

my:Mydin
wikidata:en:Q6947269
country:en: en:Malaysia

no:Nærbutikken
wikidata:en:Q108810007
country:en: en:Norway

at:Nah & Frisch
wikidata:en:Q1963643
country:en: en:Austria

at:Nah & Frisch
wikidata:en:Q1963643
country:en: en:Austria,en:Germany

de:nah und gut
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

de:Nahkauf
wikidata:en:Q57515238
country:en: en:Germany

ke:Naivas
wikidata:en:Q18379067
country:en: en:Kenya

us:Natural Grocers
wikidata:en:Q17146520
country:en: en:United States

fr:Naturalia
wikidata:en:Q3337081
country:en: en:France

it:NaturaSì
wikidata:en:Q60840755
country:en: en:Italy

in:Nature's Basket
wikidata:en:Q28174237
country:en: en:India

is:Nettó (Ísland)
wikidata:en:Q67205962
country:en: en:Iceland

fr:Netto (Les Mousquetaires)
wikidata:en:Q2720988
country:en: en:France

fr:Netto (Les Mousquetaires)
wikidata:en:Q2720988
country:en: en:France,en:Portugal

de:Netto (Salling)
wikidata:en:Q552652
country:en: en:Germany

de:Netto (Salling)
wikidata:en:Q552652
country:en: en:Germany,en:Denmark

de:Netto (Salling)
wikidata:en:Q552652
country:en: en:Germany,en:Denmark,en:Poland

de:Netto City
wikidata:en:Q879858
country:en: en:Germany

de:Netto Marken-Discount
wikidata:en:Q879858
country:en: en:Germany

nl:Nettorama
wikidata:en:Q1828639
country:en: en:Netherlands

us:New Seasons Market
wikidata:en:Q7011463
country:en: en:United States

nz:New World
wikidata:en:Q7012488
country:en: en:New Zealand

gb:Nisa Extra
wikidata:en:Q16999069
country:en: en:United Kingdom

ca:No Frills
wikidata:en:Q3342407
country:en: en:Canada

pl:Nomi
wikidata:en:Q11792768
country:en: en:Poland

lt:Norfa XL
wikidata:en:Q1998983
country:en: en:Lithuania

at:NORMA
wikidata:en:Q450180
country:en: en:Austria

at:NORMA
wikidata:en:Q450180
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic

at:NORMA
wikidata:en:Q450180
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany

at:NORMA
wikidata:en:Q450180
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:France

ca:Northern Store
wikidata:en:Q7754361
country:en: en:Canada

ua:Novus
wikidata:en:Q116748340
country:en: en:Ukraine

de:NP
wikidata:en:Q15836148
country:en: en:Germany

my:NSK Trade City
wikidata:en:Q106978506
country:en: en:Malaysia

sg:NTUC Fairprice
wikidata:en:Q6955519
country:en: en:Singapore

nl:Odin
wikidata:en:Q122904022
country:en: en:Netherlands

na:OK Foods
wikidata:en:Q116520377
country:en: en:Namibia

na:OK Foods
wikidata:en:Q116520377
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland

na:OK Foods
wikidata:en:Q116520377
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland,en:South Africa

na:OK Minimark
wikidata:en:Q116520457
country:en: en:Namibia

na:OK Minimark
wikidata:en:Q116520457
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland

na:OK Minimark
wikidata:en:Q116520457
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland,en:South Africa

be:Okay
wikidata:en:Q2159701
country:en: en:Belgium

co:Olímpica
wikidata:en:Q24749847
country:en: en:Colombia

nz:PAK'nSAVE
wikidata:en:Q7125339
country:en: en:New Zealand

cr:Palí
wikidata:en:Q1064887
country:en: en:Costa Rica

cr:Palí
wikidata:en:Q1064887
country:en: en:Costa Rica,en:Nicaragua

ch:Pam
wikidata:en:Q105615038
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Pam
wikidata:en:Q105615038
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Italy

br:Pão de Açúcar
wikidata:en:Q3411543
country:en: en:Brazil

br:Pão de Açúcar
wikidata:en:Q3411543
country:en: en:Brazil,en:Portugal

us:Patel Brothers
wikidata:en:Q55641396
country:en: en:United States

us:Pavilions
wikidata:en:Q7155886
country:en: en:United States

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Hungary

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Hungary,en:Italy

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Hungary,en:Italy,en:Romania

us-il.geojson:Pete's Market
wikidata:en:Q118793358
country:en: en:United States

us-wi.geojson:Pick 'n Save
wikidata:en:Q7371288
country:en: en:United States

na:Pick n Pay
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia

na:Pick n Pay
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia,en:South Africa

na:Pick n Pay Hyper
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia

na:Pick n Pay Hyper
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia,en:South Africa

na:Pick n Pay Super
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia

na:Pick n Pay Super
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia,en:South Africa

gb:Piggly Wiggly
wikidata:en:Q3388303
country:en: en:United Kingdom

gb:Piggly Wiggly
wikidata:en:Q3388303
country:en: en:United Kingdom,en:United States

pt:Pingo Doce
wikidata:en:Q1575057
country:en: en:Portugal

pl:Piotr i Paweł
wikidata:en:Q2096356
country:en: en:Poland

gb-lon.geojson:Planet Organic
wikidata:en:Q24298870
country:en: en:United Kingdom

pe:Plaza Vea
wikidata:en:Q7203672
country:en: en:Peru

hr:Plodine
wikidata:en:Q58040098
country:en: en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

nl:PLUS
wikidata:en:Q1978981
country:en: en:Netherlands

ad:Plusfresc
wikidata:en:Q111373081
country:en: en:Andorra

ad:Plusfresc
wikidata:en:Q111373081
country:en: en:Andorra,en:Spain

nl:Poiesz
wikidata:en:Q2521700
country:en: en:Netherlands

pl:POLOmarket
wikidata:en:Q11821937
country:en: en:Poland

us-ks.geojson:Price Chopper (Kansas City)
wikidata:en:Q7242572
country:en: en:United States

us-ks.geojson:Price Chopper (Kansas City)
wikidata:en:Q7242572
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us:Price Rite
wikidata:en:Q7242560
country:en: en:United States

es:Primaprix
wikidata:en:Q112691161
country:en: en:Spain

ee:Prisma
wikidata:en:Q12047031
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:Prisma
wikidata:en:Q12047031
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Finland

ee:Prisma
wikidata:en:Q12047031
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Finland,en:Russian Federation

hu:Privát Max
wikidata:en:Q115606854
country:en: en:Hungary

it:Prix
wikidata:en:Q61994819
country:en: en:Italy

be:Profi
wikidata:en:Q956664
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Profi
wikidata:en:Q956664
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Hungary

be:Profi
wikidata:en:Q956664
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Hungary,en:Romania

ro:Profi City
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Romania

ro:Profi Loco
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Romania

ro:Profi Super
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Romania

ca:Provigo
wikidata:en:Q3408306
country:en: en:Canada

ch:Proxi Super
wikidata:en:Q3408522
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Proxi Super
wikidata:en:Q3408522
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:France

be:Proxy Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q14903417
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Proxy Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q14903417
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Luxembourg

us:Publix
wikidata:en:Q672170
country:en: en:United States

us:Pueblo
wikidata:en:Q7258464
country:en: en:United States

it:Punto Simply
wikidata:en:Q3484790
country:en: en:Italy

ph:Puregold
wikidata:en:Q7261170
country:en: en:Philippines

us-or.geojson:QFC
wikidata:en:Q7265425
country:en: en:United States

us-or.geojson:QFC
wikidata:en:Q7265425
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

ke:QuickMart
wikidata:en:Q113012659
country:en: en:Kenya

ca-on.geojson:Rabba
wikidata:en:Q109659398
country:en: en:Canada

us-ca.geojson:Raley's
wikidata:en:Q7286970
country:en: en:United States

us:Ralphs
wikidata:en:Q3929820
country:en: en:United States

us:Ray's Food Place
wikidata:en:Q108163041
country:en: en:United States

hu:Reál
wikidata:en:Q100741414
country:en: en:Hungary

ca:Real Canadian Superstore
wikidata:en:Q7300856
country:en: en:Canada

us:Redner's
wikidata:en:Q7306166
country:en: en:United States

in:Reliance Fresh
wikidata:en:Q7311014
country:en: en:India

dk:Rema 1000
wikidata:en:Q28459
country:en: en:Denmark

dk:Rema 1000
wikidata:en:Q28459
country:en: en:Denmark,en:Norway

de:REWE
wikidata:en:Q16968817
country:en: en:Germany

de:REWE City
wikidata:en:Q16968817
country:en: en:Germany

ee:Rimi
wikidata:en:Q3741108
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:Rimi
wikidata:en:Q3741108
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania

ee:Rimi
wikidata:en:Q3741108
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia

au:Ritchies
wikidata:en:Q7336696
country:en: en:Australia

ph:Robinsons Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7353143
country:en: en:Philippines

us-id.geojson:Rosauers
wikidata:en:Q7367458
country:en: en:United States

us-id.geojson:Rosauers
wikidata:en:Q7367458
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-id.geojson:Rosauers
wikidata:en:Q7367458
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-id.geojson:Rosauers
wikidata:en:Q7367458
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us:Rouses
wikidata:en:Q7371327
country:en: en:United States

us:Ruler Foods
wikidata:en:Q17125470
country:en: en:United States

fi:S-market
wikidata:en:Q11891613
country:en: en:Finland

mx:S-Mart
wikidata:en:Q7387069
country:en: en:Mexico

ca:Safeway (Canada)
wikidata:en:Q17111901
country:en: en:Canada

us:Safeway (USA)
wikidata:en:Q1508234
country:en: en:United States

gb:Sainsbury's
wikidata:en:Q152096
country:en: en:United Kingdom

cl:Santa Isabel
wikidata:en:Q7419620
country:en: en:Chile

am:SAS
wikidata:en:Q118347380
country:en: en:Armenia

us:Save Mart
wikidata:en:Q7428009
country:en: en:United States

us:Save-A-Lot
wikidata:en:Q7427972
country:en: en:United States

ca:Save-On-Foods
wikidata:en:Q7427974
country:en: en:Canada

za:SaveMor
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:South Africa

ph:Savemore
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Philippines

de:Scheck-In Center
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

us:Schnucks
wikidata:en:Q7431920
country:en: en:United States

gb:Scotmid
wikidata:en:Q7435719
country:en: en:United Kingdom

us:Seafood City
wikidata:en:Q7440359
country:en: en:United States

mx:Selecto Chedraui
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

ee:Selver
wikidata:en:Q3771177
country:en: en:Estonia

us-ca.geojson:SF Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7505012
country:en: en:United States

us-ca.geojson:SF Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7505012
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-ca.geojson:SF Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7505012
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-ca.geojson:SF Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7505012
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us:Shaw's
wikidata:en:Q578387
country:en: en:United States

sg:Sheng Siong
wikidata:en:Q3481878
country:en: en:Singapore

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Nigeria

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Nigeria,en:Swaziland

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Nigeria,en:Swaziland,en:Uganda

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Nigeria,en:Swaziland,en:Uganda,en:South Africa

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Nigeria,en:Swaziland,en:Uganda,en:South Africa,en:Zambia

us:ShopRite (USA)
wikidata:en:Q7501097
country:en: en:United States

ph:Shopwise
wikidata:en:Q118674375
country:en: en:Philippines

il:Shufersal
wikidata:en:Q4523181
country:en: en:Israel

bd:Shwapno
wikidata:en:Q115664015
country:en: en:Bangladesh

it:Sì con te
wikidata:en:Q118442109
country:en: en:Italy

it:Sigma
wikidata:en:Q3977979
country:en: en:Italy

it:Sisa
wikidata:en:Q3943661
country:en: en:Italy

de:Sky
wikidata:en:Q1129779
country:en: en:Germany

de:Sky
wikidata:en:Q1129779
country:en: en:Germany,en:Latvia

de:Sky
wikidata:en:Q1129779
country:en: en:Germany,en:Latvia,en:Netherlands

pl:SLAWEX
wikidata:en:Q110801396
country:en: en:Poland

kz:Small
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Kazakhstan

mx:Smart & Final
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:Mexico

mx:Smart & Final
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:Mexico,en:United States

mx:Smart & Final
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:Mexico,en:United States,en:United States

mx:Smart & Final
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:Mexico,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-az.geojson:Smart & Final Extra!
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:United States

us-az.geojson:Smart & Final Extra!
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-az.geojson:Smart & Final Extra!
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

be:Smatch
wikidata:en:Q5185959
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Smatch
wikidata:en:Q5185959
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Luxembourg

ca:Smith's
wikidata:en:Q7544856
country:en: en:Canada

ca:Smith's
wikidata:en:Q7544856
country:en: en:Canada,en:United States

ca:Sobeys
wikidata:en:Q1143340
country:en: en:Canada

tr:Şok
wikidata:en:Q19613992
country:en: en:Turkey

mx:Soriana
wikidata:en:Q735562
country:en: en:Mexico

es:Sorli Discau
wikidata:en:Q21034458
country:en: en:Spain

no:Spar (Norge)
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Norway

at:SPAR Gourmet
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Austria

it:Spazio Conad
wikidata:en:Q118130063
country:en: en:Italy

pl:Społem
wikidata:en:Q11826043
country:en: en:Poland

us:Sprouts Farmers Market
wikidata:en:Q7581369
country:en: en:United States

us:Stater Bros.
wikidata:en:Q7604016
country:en: en:United States

pl:Stokrotka
wikidata:en:Q9345945
country:en: en:Poland

pl:Stokrotka Market
wikidata:en:Q110801183
country:en: en:Poland

pl:Stokrotka Optima
wikidata:en:Q110801045
country:en: en:Poland

us:Stop & Shop
wikidata:en:Q3658429
country:en: en:United States

us-in.geojson:Strack & Van Til
wikidata:en:Q17108969
country:en: en:United States

es:Suma
wikidata:en:Q58012362
country:en: en:Spain

au:Supabarn
wikidata:en:Q7641883
country:en: en:Australia

es:Supeco (España)
wikidata:en:Q110067041
country:en: en:Spain

fx:Supeco (France)
wikidata:en:Q110067293
country:en: en:France (Metropolitan)

ro:Supeco (România)
wikidata:en:Q110066889
country:en: en:Romania

us:Super 1 Foods
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:United States

mx:Super Che
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

mx:Super Chedraui
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

mx:Super del Norte
wikidata:en:Q88388513
country:en: en:Mexico

us:Super H Mart
wikidata:en:Q5636306
country:en: en:United States

ph:Super Metro
wikidata:en:Q23808789
country:en: en:Philippines

us:Super One Foods
wikidata:en:Q17108733
country:en: en:United States

mx:Super Selecto Chedraui
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

fr:Super U
wikidata:en:Q2529029
country:en: en:France

mx:Superama
wikidata:en:Q6135762
country:en: en:Mexico

de:SuperBioMarkt
wikidata:en:Q2367009
country:en: en:Germany

dk:SuperBrugsen
wikidata:en:Q12337746
country:en: en:Denmark

mx:Supercito Chedraui
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

it:Superconti
wikidata:en:Q69381940
country:en: en:Italy

es:Supercor
wikidata:en:Q6135841
country:en: en:Spain

es:Supercor
wikidata:en:Q6135841
country:en: en:Spain,en:Portugal

es:SuperDino
wikidata:en:Q105955304
country:en: en:Spain

mx:SuperISSSTE
wikidata:en:Q113205941
country:en: en:Mexico

br:Supermercados BH
wikidata:en:Q115209705
country:en: en:Brazil

es:Supermercados MAS
wikidata:en:Q120764436
country:en: en:Spain

it:Supermercati Zazzeron
wikidata:en:Q108805425
country:en: en:Italy

ar:Supersol
wikidata:en:Q62073427
country:en: en:Argentina

ar:Supersol
wikidata:en:Q62073427
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Spain

ar:Supersol
wikidata:en:Q62073427
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Spain,en:Morocco

ar:Supersol
wikidata:en:Q62073427
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Spain,en:Morocco,en:Uruguay

es:Superspar
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Spain

es:Superspar
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Spain,en:South Africa

gb:SuperValu
wikidata:en:Q7642081
country:en: en:United Kingdom

gb:SuperValu
wikidata:en:Q7642081
country:en: en:United Kingdom,en:Ireland

nz:SuperValue (New Zealand)
wikidata:en:Q7642080
country:en: en:New Zealand

in:Supplyco Super Market
wikidata:en:Q99613456
country:en: en:India

at:Sutterlüty
wikidata:en:Q1421502
country:en: en:Austria

us:Target (USA)
wikidata:en:Q1046951
country:en: en:United States

hk:Taste
wikidata:en:Q7687667
country:en: en:Hong Kong

de:tegut
wikidata:en:Q1547993
country:en: en:Germany

ie:Tesco Metro
wikidata:en:Q57551648
country:en: en:Ireland

my:TF Value-Mart
wikidata:en:Q96679744
country:en: en:Malaysia

gb:The Food Warehouse
wikidata:en:Q87263899
country:en: en:United Kingdom

us:The Fresh Market
wikidata:en:Q7735265
country:en: en:United States

ca:The Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q16062155
country:en: en:Canada

au:The Source Bulk Foods
wikidata:en:Q113771168
country:en: en:Australia

au:The Source Bulk Foods
wikidata:en:Q113771168
country:en: en:Australia,en:Canada

au:The Source Bulk Foods
wikidata:en:Q113771168
country:en: en:Australia,en:Canada,en:United Kingdom

my:The Store
wikidata:en:Q96679754
country:en: en:Malaysia

ua:Thrash! Траш!
wikidata:en:Q56364758
country:en: en:Ukraine

co:Tiendas D1
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Colombia

it:Tigre
wikidata:en:Q114567803
country:en: en:Italy

it:Tigre Amico
wikidata:en:Q114567814
country:en: en:Italy

it:Tigros
wikidata:en:Q24935610
country:en: en:Italy

us:Times Supermarkets
wikidata:en:Q7806566
country:en: en:United States

it:Todis
wikidata:en:Q3992174
country:en: en:Italy

us-tx.geojson:Tom Thumb
wikidata:en:Q7817826
country:en: en:United States

hr:Tommy
wikidata:en:Q12643718
country:en: en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

us-il.geojson:Tony's Fresh Market
wikidata:en:Q118594253
country:en: en:United States

pl:Top Market
wikidata:en:Q9360044
country:en: en:Poland

pl:Topaz
wikidata:en:Q11837058
country:en: en:Poland

th:Tops (Thailand)
wikidata:en:Q7825140
country:en: en:Thailand

us:Tops (USA)
wikidata:en:Q7825137
country:en: en:United States

cl:Tottus
wikidata:en:Q7828510
country:en: en:Chile

cl:Tottus
wikidata:en:Q7828510
country:en: en:Chile,en:Peru

us:Trader Joe's
wikidata:en:Q688825
country:en: en:United States

in:Triveni Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7844639
country:en: en:India

am:Tsiran
wikidata:en:Q118733566
country:en: en:Armenia

it:Tuodì
wikidata:en:Q3706995
country:en: en:Italy

fr:U Express
wikidata:en:Q2529029
country:en: en:France

it:U!
wikidata:en:Q105542347
country:en: en:Italy

it:U2
wikidata:en:Q105542216
country:en: en:Italy

cl:Unimarc
wikidata:en:Q6156244
country:en: en:Chile

at:Unimarkt
wikidata:en:Q1169599
country:en: en:Austria

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-tx.geojson:United Supermarkets
wikidata:en:Q17108901
country:en: en:United States

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho,en:Malawi

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Swaziland

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Swaziland,en:South Africa

hk:U購Select U Select
wikidata:en:Q22098822
country:en: en:Hong Kong

de:V-MARKT
wikidata:en:Q1504903
country:en: en:Germany

us:Vallarta
wikidata:en:Q7911833
country:en: en:United States

ca:Valu-mart
wikidata:en:Q7912687
country:en: en:Canada

ua:Varus
wikidata:en:Q114944216
country:en: en:Ukraine

ar:Vea
wikidata:en:Q5858167
country:en: en:Argentina

il:Victory
wikidata:en:Q6564842
country:en: en:Israel

es:Vidal Supermercados
wikidata:en:Q114915046
country:en: en:Spain

ch:VOI
wikidata:en:Q110277616
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Volg
wikidata:en:Q2530746
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Volg
wikidata:en:Q2530746
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Liechtenstein

nl:Vomar
wikidata:en:Q3202837
country:en: en:Netherlands

us:Vons
wikidata:en:Q7941609
country:en: en:United States

gb:Waitrose
wikidata:en:Q771734
country:en: en:United Kingdom

mx:Walmart Express
wikidata:en:Q483551
country:en: en:Mexico

ca:Walmart Neighborhood Market
wikidata:en:Q483551
country:en: en:Canada

ca:Walmart Neighborhood Market
wikidata:en:Q483551
country:en: en:Canada,en:United States

ca:Walmart Supercentre
wikidata:en:Q483551
country:en: en:Canada

de:Wasgau
wikidata:en:Q2536857
country:en: en:Germany

us:Wegmans
wikidata:en:Q11288478
country:en: en:United States

us:Weis
wikidata:en:Q7980370
country:en: en:United States

ca:Whole Foods Market
wikidata:en:Q1809448
country:en: en:Canada

ca:Whole Foods Market
wikidata:en:Q1809448
country:en: en:Canada,en:United Kingdom

ca:Whole Foods Market
wikidata:en:Q1809448
country:en: en:Canada,en:United Kingdom,en:United States

se:Willys
wikidata:en:Q10720214
country:en: en:Sweden

us:WinCo Foods
wikidata:en:Q8023592
country:en: en:United States

vn:WinMart
wikidata:en:Q60245505
country:en: en:Viet Nam

us:Winn-Dixie
wikidata:en:Q1264366
country:en: en:United States

us-il.geojson:Woodman's Markets
wikidata:en:Q8033073
country:en: en:United States

us-il.geojson:Woodman's Markets
wikidata:en:Q8033073
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

au:Woolworths (Australia)
wikidata:en:Q3249145
country:en: en:Australia

nz:Woolworths (New Zealand)
wikidata:en:Q5176845
country:en: en:New Zealand

au:Woolworths Metro (Australia)
wikidata:en:Q111772555
country:en: en:Australia

nz:Woolworths Metro (New Zealand)
wikidata:en:Q123699264
country:en: en:New Zealand

sk:Yeme
wikidata:en:Q108757006
country:en: en:Slovak Republic

am:Yerevan City
wikidata:en:Q55663505
country:en: en:Armenia

ca:Your Independent Grocer
wikidata:en:Q8058833
country:en: en:Canada

ca:Zehrs
wikidata:en:Q8068546
country:en: en:Canada

am:Zovq
wikidata:en:Q118727379
country:en: en:Armenia

gr:ΑΒ Βασιλόπουλος
wikidata:en:Q4721807
country:en: en:Greece

gr:Γαλαξίας
wikidata:en:Q5518063
country:en: en:Greece

gr:Κρητικός
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Greece

gr:Μασούτης
wikidata:en:Q6783887
country:en: en:Greece

cy:Σκλαβενίτης
wikidata:en:Q7536037
country:en: en:Cyprus

cy:Σκλαβενίτης
wikidata:en:Q7536037
country:en: en:Cyprus,en:Greece

ru:Абсолют (Россия)
wikidata:en:Q62389597
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Абсолют (Україна)
wikidata:en:Q62389546
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Авоська
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Азбука Вкуса
wikidata:en:Q4058209
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Аникс
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Атак
wikidata:en:Q2868738
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:АТБ-Маркет
wikidata:en:Q4054103
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Ашан
wikidata:en:Q110053013
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Ашан Україна
wikidata:en:Q4073419
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Байрам
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

by:Белмаркет
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Belarus

ua:Близенько
wikidata:en:Q117670418
country:en: en:Ukraine

bg:Булмаг
wikidata:en:Q66133376
country:en: en:Bulgaria

ua:Велмарт
wikidata:en:Q121004370
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Верный
wikidata:en:Q110037370
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Виктория
wikidata:en:Q4111046
country:en: en:Russian Federation

by:Виталюр
wikidata:en:Q55663075
country:en: en:Belarus

ua:Вопак
wikidata:en:Q30966107
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Гросеров
wikidata:en:Q112764775
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Гулливер
wikidata:en:Q58003470
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Да!
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

bg:Дар
wikidata:en:Q114053570
country:en: en:Bulgaria

ru:Десяточка
wikidata:en:Q61876182
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Дикси
wikidata:en:Q4161561
country:en: en:Russian Federation

by:Евроопт
wikidata:en:Q108489016
country:en: en:Belarus

by:Евроопт Hyper
wikidata:en:Q65455975
country:en: en:Belarus

by:Евроопт Super
wikidata:en:Q65455960
country:en: en:Belarus

ua:ЕКО маркет
wikidata:en:Q12103350
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Карусель
wikidata:en:Q4216307
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Квартал
wikidata:en:Q25446563
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Кировский
wikidata:en:Q63301903
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Командор
wikidata:en:Q61876152
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Копійка
wikidata:en:Q116871080
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Красный Яр
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Лента
wikidata:en:Q4258608
country:en: en:Russian Federation

bg:Лидл (България)
wikidata:en:Q108169047
country:en: en:Bulgaria

ua:ЛотОК
wikidata:en:Q117670659
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Магнит у дома
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Магнолия
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Мария-Ра
wikidata:en:Q4281631
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Мираторг
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Монетка
wikidata:en:Q4301704
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Наш Край
wikidata:en:Q12132995
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:О’КЕЙ
wikidata:en:Q4340901
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Перекрёсток
wikidata:en:Q1684639
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Покупочка
wikidata:en:Q58003270
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Полушка
wikidata:en:Q4371080
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Пятёрочка
wikidata:en:Q1768969
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Радеж
wikidata:en:Q4387165
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:РеалЪ
wikidata:en:Q110037601
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Реми
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

by:Рублёвский
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Belarus

ua:Рукавичка
wikidata:en:Q20092568
country:en: en:Ukraine

by:Санта
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Belarus

ru:Светофор
wikidata:en:Q61875920
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Семишагофф
wikidata:en:Q58003374
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Сільпо
wikidata:en:Q4419434
country:en: en:Ukraine

bg:Т-Маркет
wikidata:en:Q64033983
country:en: en:Bulgaria

ua:Таврія В
wikidata:en:Q16038771
country:en: en:Ukraine

bg:Фантастико
wikidata:en:Q61140834
country:en: en:Bulgaria

ua:Фора
wikidata:en:Q12165977
country:en: en:Ukraine

bg:Фреш Маркет
wikidata:en:Q115452307
country:en: en:Bulgaria

by:Хит! Экспресс
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Belarus

ru:Чижик
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Эдельвейс
wikidata:en:Q57979368
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Ярче!
wikidata:en:Q102254456
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ge:მაგნიტი
wikidata:en:Q118792780
country:en: en:Georgia

ge:ნიკორა
wikidata:en:Q115949612
country:en: en:Georgia

ge:ორი ნაბიჯი
wikidata:en:Q115949750
country:en: en:Georgia

ge:სპარი
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Georgia

il:אושר עד
wikidata:en:Q31198118
country:en: en:Israel

il:טיב טעם
wikidata:en:Q2903718
country:en: en:Israel

il:יינות ביתן
wikidata:en:Q6561327
country:en: en:Israel

il:מגה
wikidata:en:Q12403907
country:en: en:Israel

il:מגה בעיר
wikidata:en:Q12403907
country:en: en:Israel

il:קואופ שופ
wikidata:en:Q16132437
country:en: en:Israel

il:קשת טעמים
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Israel

il:רמי לוי
wikidata:en:Q6035779
country:en: en:Israel

il:שופרסל אקספרס
wikidata:en:Q4523181
country:en: en:Israel

il:שופרסל דיל
wikidata:en:Q4523181
country:en: en:Israel

il:שופרסל שלי
wikidata:en:Q4523181
country:en: en:Israel

il:שוק מהדרין
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Israel

sa:أسواق التميمي
wikidata:en:Q111042647
country:en: en:Saudi Arabia

eg:أسواق عبد الله العثيم
wikidata:en:Q12218555
country:en: en:Egypt

eg:أسواق عبد الله العثيم
wikidata:en:Q12218555
country:en: en:Egypt,en:Saudi Arabia

ir:افق کوروش
wikidata:en:Q65199490
country:en: en:Iran

ae:بنده
wikidata:en:Q4832749
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates

ae:بنده
wikidata:en:Q4832749
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain

ae:بنده
wikidata:en:Q4832749
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Saudi Arabia

ir:جانبو
wikidata:en:Q119145401
country:en: en:Iran

ir:دیلی مارکت
wikidata:en:Q119145493
country:en: en:Iran

ir:رفاه
wikidata:en:Q7307085
country:en: en:Iran

dz:مونوبري
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Algeria

dz:مونوبري
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Algeria,en:Qatar

dz:مونوبري
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Algeria,en:Qatar,en:Tunisia

ir:هایپراستار
wikidata:en:Q10860330
country:en: en:Iran

kr:롯데마트
wikidata:en:Q326715
country:en: en:Korea (South)

kr:롯데슈퍼
wikidata:en:Q12594199
country:en: en:Korea (South)

kr:우리마트
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Korea (South)

kr:하나로마트
wikidata:en:Q12590611
country:en: en:Korea (South)

jp:アコレ
wikidata:en:Q11283128
country:en: en:Japan

jp:アピタ
wikidata:en:Q55384637
country:en: en:Japan

jp:イオン
wikidata:en:Q11285951
country:en: en:Japan

jp:イオンスーパーセンター
wikidata:en:Q11285970
country:en: en:Japan

jp:イズミヤ
wikidata:en:Q11286632
country:en: en:Japan

jp:イトーヨーカドー
wikidata:en:Q3088746
country:en: en:Japan

jp:いなげや
wikidata:en:Q17193392
country:en: en:Japan

jp:エーコープ
wikidata:en:Q11291524
country:en: en:Japan

jp:エコス
wikidata:en:Q11289886
country:en: en:Japan

jp:オークワ
wikidata:en:Q11293166
country:en: en:Japan

jp:オーケーストア
wikidata:en:Q11293184
country:en: en:Japan

jp:オリンピック
wikidata:en:Q11292764
country:en: en:Japan

jp:カスミ
wikidata:en:Q11294160
country:en: en:Japan

jp:キョーエイ
wikidata:en:Q11297581
country:en: en:Japan

jp:グルメシティ
wikidata:en:Q11300647
country:en: en:Japan

jp:コープ
wikidata:en:Q11508615
country:en: en:Japan

jp:コープこう
wikidata:en:Q5137453
country:en: en:Japan

jp:コープさっぽろ
wikidata:en:Q11574624
country:en: en:Japan

jp:コモディイイダ
wikidata:en:Q11302699
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ザ・ビッグ
wikidata:en:Q11306676
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ザ・ビッグ エクスプレス
wikidata:en:Q11306676
country:en: en:Japan

jp:サミット
wikidata:en:Q11305129
country:en: en:Japan

jp:サンディ
wikidata:en:Q11305717
country:en: en:Japan

jp-01.geojson:シティ
wikidata:en:Q115865410
country:en: en:Japan

jp-01.geojson:シティマート
wikidata:en:Q115865410
country:en: en:Japan

jp:スーパーアークス
wikidata:en:Q17190570
country:en: en:Japan

jp:スーパーアルプス
wikidata:en:Q11313666
country:en: en:Japan

jp:スーパーバリュー
wikidata:en:Q11313802
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ダイエー
wikidata:en:Q11316644
country:en: en:Japan

jp-45.geojson:タイヨー（南九州）
wikidata:en:Q11315815
country:en: en:Japan

jp-45.geojson:タイヨー（南九州）
wikidata:en:Q11315815
country:en: en:Japan,en:Japan

jp-08.geojson:タイヨー（南関東）
wikidata:en:Q11315814
country:en: en:Japan

jp-08.geojson:タイヨー（南関東）
wikidata:en:Q11315814
country:en: en:Japan,en:Japan

jp:トウズ
wikidata:en:Q53308796
country:en: en:Japan

jp:トライアル
wikidata:en:Q11321723
country:en: en:Japan

jp:とりせん
wikidata:en:Q11273505
country:en: en:Japan

jp:バロー
wikidata:en:Q11328346
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ピーコックストア
wikidata:en:Q11331715
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ピアゴ
wikidata:en:Q91014434
country:en: en:Japan

jp:フジ
wikidata:en:Q8963035
country:en: en:Japan

jp:フジグラン
wikidata:en:Q8963035
country:en: en:Japan

jp:フレスタ
wikidata:en:Q11333988
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ベイシア
wikidata:en:Q11336776
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ベルク
wikidata:en:Q11337090
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ベルクス
wikidata:en:Q11305967
country:en: en:Japan

jp:まいばすけっと
wikidata:en:Q11278154
country:en: en:Japan

jp:マックスバリュ
wikidata:en:Q11340427
country:en: en:Japan

jp:マミーマート
wikidata:en:Q11340902
country:en: en:Japan

jp:マルエツ
wikidata:en:Q11341197
country:en: en:Japan

jp:マルエツプチ
wikidata:en:Q11341197
country:en: en:Japan

jp:マルナカ
wikidata:en:Q11341399
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ヤオコー
wikidata:en:Q11344967
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ヤマナカ
wikidata:en:Q11345199
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ゆめタウン
wikidata:en:Q11280900
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ヨークベニマル
wikidata:en:Q11346199
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ヨークマート
wikidata:en:Q11346201
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ライフ
wikidata:en:Q11346476
country:en: en:Japan

jp-01.geojson:ラッキー
wikidata:en:Q115865306
country:en: en:Japan

jp-01.geojson:ラッキーマート
wikidata:en:Q115865306
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ラルズマート
wikidata:en:Q11347482
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ロピア
wikidata:en:Q11350624
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ワイズマート
wikidata:en:Q11351175
country:en: en:Japan

jp:万代
wikidata:en:Q11353756
country:en: en:Japan

cn:中百佳乐家
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:China

cn:京客隆
wikidata:en:Q10902027
country:en: en:China

hk:佳宝食品超級市場 Kai Bo Food Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q10886987
country:en: en:Hong Kong

tw:全聯福利中心
wikidata:en:Q7262792
country:en: en:Taiwan

cn:农工商超市
wikidata:en:Q15923587
country:en: en:China

cn:北京华联
wikidata:en:Q4881137
country:en: en:China

cn:华润万家
wikidata:en:Q5099892
country:en: en:China

cn:大张超市
wikidata:en:Q111270003
country:en: en:China

cn:大润发
wikidata:en:Q7277802
country:en: en:China

tw:大潤發
wikidata:en:Q7277802
country:en: en:Taiwan

ca:大統華 T&T Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q837893
country:en: en:Canada

cn:家乐福
wikidata:en:Q3117359
country:en: en:China

cn:家家悦
wikidata:en:Q123025078
country:en: en:China

tw:家樂福
wikidata:en:Q3117359
country:en: en:Taiwan

tw:家樂福超市
wikidata:en:Q2689639
country:en: en:Taiwan

hk:惠康 Wellcome
wikidata:en:Q706247
country:en: en:Hong Kong

jp:成城石井
wikidata:en:Q11495410
country:en: en:Japan

jp:東光ストア
wikidata:en:Q11526020
country:en: en:Japan

jp:東急ストア
wikidata:en:Q11526963
country:en: en:Japan

jp:東武ストア
wikidata:en:Q11527478
country:en: en:Japan

tw:楓康超市
wikidata:en:Q10915548
country:en: en:Taiwan

jp:業務スーパー
wikidata:en:Q11590183
country:en: en:Japan

cn:永旺
wikidata:en:Q271413
country:en: en:China

hk:永旺 AEON
wikidata:en:Q271413
country:en: en:Hong Kong

cn:永辉超市
wikidata:en:Q17028520
country:en: en:China

cn:沃尔玛
wikidata:en:Q483551
country:en: en:China

cn:物美
wikidata:en:Q8039225
country:en: en:China

hk:百佳超級市場 PARKnSHOP
wikidata:en:Q7138619
country:en: en:Hong Kong

hk:百佳超級市場 PARKnSHOP
wikidata:en:Q7138619
country:en: en:Hong Kong,en:Macau

cn:百姓量贩
wikidata:en:Q123025089
country:en: en:China

cn:盒马鲜生
wikidata:en:Q58617964
country:en: en:China

jp:相鉄ローゼン
wikidata:en:Q11582450
country:en: en:Japan

tw:美廉社
wikidata:en:Q15914017
country:en: en:Taiwan

hk:華潤萬家 Vanguard
wikidata:en:Q5099892
country:en: en:Hong Kong

jp:西友
wikidata:en:Q3108542
country:en: en:Japan

cn:银座超市
wikidata:en:Q123025090
country:en: en:China

cn:长申国际购物广场
wikidata:en:Q111270006
country:en: en:China

jp:関西スーパー
wikidata:en:Q11656215
country:en: en:Japan

dk:365discount
wikidata:en:Q104671354
country:en: en:Denmark

hk:3hreeSixty
wikidata:en:Q7797310
country:en: en:Hong Kong

fr:8 à Huit
wikidata:en:Q2818601
country:en: en:France

us:99 Ranch Market
wikidata:en:Q4646307
country:en: en:United States

my:99 Speedmart
wikidata:en:Q62075061
country:en: en:Malaysia

my:99 Speedmart
wikidata:en:Q62075061
country:en: en:Malaysia,en:Singapore

it:A&O
wikidata:en:Q3600279
country:en: en:Italy

tr:A101
wikidata:en:Q6034496
country:en: en:Turkey

dk:ABC Lavpris
wikidata:en:Q12300077
country:en: en:Denmark

us:Acme
wikidata:en:Q341975
country:en: en:United States

be:AD Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q1184173
country:en: en:Belgium

be:AD Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q1184173
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Luxembourg

at:ADEG
wikidata:en:Q290211
country:en: en:Austria

my:AEON BiG
wikidata:en:Q8077280
country:en: en:Malaysia

es:Ahorramás
wikidata:en:Q58221883
country:en: en:Spain

cz:Albert
wikidata:en:Q9144241
country:en: en:Czech Republic

be:Albert Heijn
wikidata:en:Q1653985
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Albert Heijn
wikidata:en:Q1653985
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Netherlands

be:Albert Heijn XL
wikidata:en:Q78163765
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Albert Heijn XL
wikidata:en:Q78163765
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Netherlands

us:Albertsons
wikidata:en:Q2831861
country:en: en:United States

us-nm.geojson:Albertsons Market
wikidata:en:Q115350320
country:en: en:United States

es:Alcampo
wikidata:en:Q2832081
country:en: en:Spain

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain,en:France

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain,en:France,en:Luxembourg

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain,en:France,en:Luxembourg,en:Netherlands

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain,en:France,en:Luxembourg,en:Netherlands,en:Poland

be:ALDI (ALDI Nord group)
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Spain,en:France,en:Luxembourg,en:Netherlands,en:Poland,en:Portugal

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China,en:United Kingdom

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China,en:United Kingdom,en:Hungary

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China,en:United Kingdom,en:Hungary,en:Ireland

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China,en:United Kingdom,en:Hungary,en:Ireland,en:Italy

au:ALDI (ALDI Süd group)
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Australia,en:Switzerland,en:China,en:United Kingdom,en:Hungary,en:Ireland,en:Italy,en:United States

de:ALDI Nord
wikidata:en:Q41171373
country:en: en:Germany

de:ALDI Süd
wikidata:en:Q41171672
country:en: en:Germany

es:Alimerka
wikidata:en:Q16482738
country:en: en:Spain

ph:All Day Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q120142311
country:en: en:Philippines

ch:Alnatura Super Natur Markt
wikidata:en:Q876811
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Alnatura Super Natur Markt
wikidata:en:Q876811
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Germany

be:Alvo
wikidata:en:Q16068936
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Alvo
wikidata:en:Q16068936
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Luxembourg

il:AM:PM
wikidata:en:Q6891113
country:en: en:Israel

us:Amigo
wikidata:en:Q4746234
country:en: en:United States

us-tx.geojson:Amigos
wikidata:en:Q115350331
country:en: en:United States

us-il.geojson:Angelo Caputo's Fresh Markets
wikidata:en:Q118594294
country:en: en:United States

co:Ara
wikidata:en:Q63148677
country:en: en:Colombia

gb:Asda
wikidata:en:Q297410
country:en: en:United Kingdom

br:Assaí Atacadista
wikidata:en:Q28679415
country:en: en:Brazil

ma:Aswak Assalam
wikidata:en:Q2868678
country:en: en:Morocco

br:Atacadão
wikidata:en:Q2868739
country:en: en:Brazil

br:Atacadão
wikidata:en:Q2868739
country:en: en:Brazil,en:Morocco

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast)

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg,en:Mauritania

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg,en:Mauritania,en:Poland

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg,en:Mauritania,en:Poland,en:Portugal

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg,en:Mauritania,en:Poland,en:Portugal,en:Romania

ci:Auchan
wikidata:en:Q758603
country:en: en:Cote D'ivoire (Ivory Coast),en:China,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg,en:Mauritania,en:Poland,en:Portugal,en:Romania,en:Senegal

fr:Auchan Drive
wikidata:en:Q2870659
country:en: en:France

fr:Auchan Drive
wikidata:en:Q2870659
country:en: en:France,en:Luxembourg

fx:Auchan Supermarché
wikidata:en:Q105857776
country:en: en:France (Metropolitan)

us:Bashas'
wikidata:en:Q4866786
country:en: en:United States

de:basic
wikidata:en:Q809994
country:en: en:Germany

gr:Bazaar
wikidata:en:Q4875086
country:en: en:Greece

us-ca.geojson:Bel Air
wikidata:en:Q112922067
country:en: en:United States

us-il.geojson:Berkot's Super Foods
wikidata:en:Q118594324
country:en: en:United States

us-il.geojson:Berkot's Super Foods
wikidata:en:Q118594324
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

np:Bhat-Bhateni Super Market
wikidata:en:Q104847792
country:en: en:Nepal

us:BI-LO
wikidata:en:Q4835620
country:en: en:United States

fr:bi1
wikidata:en:Q56325139
country:en: en:France

fr:bi1
wikidata:en:Q56325139
country:en: en:France,en:Poland

pl:Biedronka
wikidata:en:Q857182
country:en: en:Poland

in:Big Bazaar
wikidata:en:Q3631008
country:en: en:India

br:BIG Bompreço
wikidata:en:Q4940907
country:en: en:Brazil

th:Big C
wikidata:en:Q858665
country:en: en:Thailand

th:Big C
wikidata:en:Q858665
country:en: en:Thailand,en:Viet Nam

al:Big Market
wikidata:en:Q28135235
country:en: en:Albania

us-ct.geojson:Big Y
wikidata:en:Q4906701
country:en: en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Big Y
wikidata:en:Q4906701
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

jp:Big-A
wikidata:en:Q11330804
country:en: en:Japan

dk:Bilka
wikidata:en:Q861880
country:en: en:Denmark

at:Billa
wikidata:en:Q537781
country:en: en:Austria

at:Billa
wikidata:en:Q537781
country:en: en:Austria,en:Bulgaria

at:Billa
wikidata:en:Q537781
country:en: en:Austria,en:Bulgaria,en:Slovak Republic

cz:Billa (Česko)
wikidata:en:Q42969493
country:en: en:Czech Republic

at:Billa Plus
wikidata:en:Q115431077
country:en: en:Austria

ma:BİM
wikidata:en:Q1022075
country:en: en:Morocco

ma:BİM
wikidata:en:Q1022075
country:en: en:Morocco,en:Turkey

nz:Bin Inn
wikidata:en:Q110524077
country:en: en:New Zealand

ba:Bingo
wikidata:en:Q16842066
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina

es:Bio C' Bon
wikidata:en:Q54312551
country:en: en:Spain

es:Bio C' Bon
wikidata:en:Q54312551
country:en: en:Spain,en:France

es:Bio C' Bon
wikidata:en:Q54312551
country:en: en:Spain,en:France,en:Japan

de:Bio Company
wikidata:en:Q864179
country:en: en:Germany

fr:Biocoop
wikidata:en:Q2904039
country:en: en:France

es:BM
wikidata:en:Q62073462
country:en: en:Spain

mx:Bodega Aurrera
wikidata:en:Q3365858
country:en: en:Mexico

ad:BonÀrea
wikidata:en:Q11924743
country:en: en:Andorra

ad:BonÀrea
wikidata:en:Q11924743
country:en: en:Andorra,en:Spain

nl:Boni
wikidata:en:Q4380634
country:en: en:Netherlands

es:Bonpreu
wikidata:en:Q11924747
country:en: en:Spain

fo:Bónus
wikidata:en:Q3480158
country:en: en:Faroe Islands

fo:Bónus
wikidata:en:Q3480158
country:en: en:Faroe Islands,en:Iceland

nl:Boon's Markt
wikidata:en:Q97704873
country:en: en:Netherlands

gb:Booths
wikidata:en:Q4943949
country:en: en:United Kingdom

sz:Boxer
wikidata:en:Q116586275
country:en: en:Swaziland

sz:Boxer
wikidata:en:Q116586275
country:en: en:Swaziland,en:South Africa

us:Bravo
wikidata:en:Q16985159
country:en: en:United States

us:Brookshire Brothers
wikidata:en:Q4975084
country:en: en:United States

us:Brookshire's
wikidata:en:Q4975085
country:en: en:United States

gb:Budgens
wikidata:en:Q4985016
country:en: en:United Kingdom

ca:Bulk Barn
wikidata:en:Q4996466
country:en: en:Canada

no:Bunnpris
wikidata:en:Q1774634
country:en: en:Norway

us-il.geojson:Butera Market
wikidata:en:Q118629448
country:en: en:United States

us:C-Town Supermarkets
wikidata:en:Q5005929
country:en: en:United States

cn:C!ty'super
wikidata:en:Q5124105
country:en: en:China

cn:C!ty'super
wikidata:en:Q5124105
country:en: en:China,en:Japan

cn:C!ty'super
wikidata:en:Q5124105
country:en: en:China,en:Japan,en:Taiwan

lu:Cactus
wikidata:en:Q466918
country:en: en:Luxembourg

de:CAP-Markt
wikidata:en:Q1022827
country:en: en:Germany

ad:Caprabo
wikidata:en:Q1980781
country:en: en:Andorra

ad:Caprabo
wikidata:en:Q1980781
country:en: en:Andorra,en:Spain

us:Cardenas
wikidata:en:Q64149543
country:en: en:United States

lk:Cargills Food City (Sri Lanka)
wikidata:en:Q58353955
country:en: en:Sri Lanka

be:Carrefour City
wikidata:en:Q2940187
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Carrefour City
wikidata:en:Q2940187
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

fr:Carrefour Contact
wikidata:en:Q2940188
country:en: en:France

tr:CarrefourSA
wikidata:en:Q28870164
country:en: en:Turkey

co:Carulla
wikidata:en:Q5047480
country:en: en:Colombia

fr:Casino
wikidata:en:Q89029184
country:en: en:France

hu:CBA
wikidata:en:Q779845
country:en: en:Hungary

hu:CBA
wikidata:en:Q779845
country:en: en:Hungary,en:Romania

hu:CBA
wikidata:en:Q779845
country:en: en:Hungary,en:Romania,en:Slovak Republic

bg:CBA (България)
wikidata:en:Q779845
country:en: en:Bulgaria

pt:Celeiro
wikidata:en:Q114102189
country:en: en:Portugal

gb:Centra
wikidata:en:Q747678
country:en: en:United Kingdom

gb:Centra
wikidata:en:Q747678
country:en: en:United Kingdom,en:Ireland

fr:Centre Commercial E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:France

fr:Centre Commercial E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:France,en:Poland

us-il.geojson:Cermak Fresh Market
wikidata:en:Q118865499
country:en: en:United States

es:Charter
wikidata:en:Q95916752
country:en: en:Spain

pl:Chata Polska
wikidata:en:Q61994406
country:en: en:Poland

bw:Checkers
wikidata:en:Q5089126
country:en: en:Botswana

bw:Checkers
wikidata:en:Q5089126
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Namibia

bw:Checkers
wikidata:en:Q5089126
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Namibia,en:South Africa

za:Checkers Hyper
wikidata:en:Q116518886
country:en: en:South Africa

mx:Chedraui
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

bw:Choppies
wikidata:en:Q5104860
country:en: en:Botswana

bw:Choppies
wikidata:en:Q5104860
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Zambia

bw:Choppies
wikidata:en:Q5104860
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Zambia,en:Zimbabwe

ca:Co-op (Canada)
wikidata:en:Q5440676
country:en: en:Canada

gb:Co-op Food
wikidata:en:Q3277439
country:en: en:United Kingdom

es:Coaliment
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Spain

fr:Coccinelle Express
wikidata:en:Q90020479
country:en: en:France

fr:Coccinelle Supermarché
wikidata:en:Q90020459
country:en: en:France

au:Coles
wikidata:en:Q1108172
country:en: en:Australia

au:Coles
wikidata:en:Q1108172
country:en: en:Australia,en:United Kingdom

au:Coles Central
wikidata:en:Q5144653
country:en: en:Australia

au:Coles Local
wikidata:en:Q104850818
country:en: en:Australia

be:Colruyt
wikidata:en:Q2363991
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Colruyt
wikidata:en:Q2363991
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

be:Colruyt
wikidata:en:Q2363991
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Luxembourg

de:Combi
wikidata:en:Q1113618
country:en: en:Germany

mx:Comercial Mexicana
wikidata:en:Q2985173
country:en: en:Mexico

al:Conad
wikidata:en:Q639075
country:en: en:Albania

al:Conad
wikidata:en:Q639075
country:en: en:Albania,en:Italy

it:Conad City
wikidata:en:Q57543102
country:en: en:Italy

it:Conad Superstore
wikidata:en:Q118129616
country:en: en:Italy

es:Condis
wikidata:en:Q57417581
country:en: en:Spain

es:Consum
wikidata:en:Q8350308
country:en: en:Spain

pt:Continente
wikidata:en:Q2995683
country:en: en:Portugal

pt:Continente Modelo
wikidata:en:Q1892188
country:en: en:Portugal

it:Coop (Italia)
wikidata:en:Q1129774
country:en: en:Italy

nl:Coop (Nederland)
wikidata:en:Q2390074
country:en: en:Netherlands

ch:Coop (Schweiz)
wikidata:en:Q432564
country:en: en:Switzerland

se:Coop (Sverige)
wikidata:en:Q15229319
country:en: en:Sweden

ee:Coop Eesti
wikidata:en:Q12361460
country:en: en:Estonia

cz:COOP Jednota
wikidata:en:Q41629254
country:en: en:Czech Republic

cz:COOP Jednota
wikidata:en:Q41629254
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Slovak Republic

no:Coop Marked
wikidata:en:Q5167703
country:en: en:Norway

no:Coop Mega
wikidata:en:Q4581010
country:en: en:Norway

no:Coop Prix
wikidata:en:Q5167705
country:en: en:Norway

hu:Coop Szuper
wikidata:en:Q868980
country:en: en:Hungary

nl:Coop Vandaag
wikidata:en:Q98455765
country:en: en:Netherlands

it:Coop.fi
wikidata:en:Q4004707
country:en: en:Italy

nl:CoopCompact
wikidata:en:Q98454887
country:en: en:Netherlands

ar:Cooperativa Obrera
wikidata:en:Q110454268
country:en: en:Argentina

be:Cora
wikidata:en:Q686643
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Cora
wikidata:en:Q686643
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

be:Cora
wikidata:en:Q686643
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Luxembourg

be:Cora
wikidata:en:Q686643
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Luxembourg,en:Romania

fr:Côté Nature
wikidata:en:Q90016283
country:en: en:France

ar:Coto
wikidata:en:Q5175411
country:en: en:Argentina

nz:Countdown
wikidata:en:Q5176845
country:en: en:New Zealand

es:Covirán
wikidata:en:Q61070539
country:en: en:Spain

es:Covirán
wikidata:en:Q61070539
country:en: en:Spain,en:Portugal

ch:Crai
wikidata:en:Q3696429
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Crai
wikidata:en:Q3696429
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Italy

us:Cub Foods
wikidata:en:Q5191916
country:en: en:United States

us:D'Agostino
wikidata:en:Q20656844
country:en: en:United States

us:D&W Fresh Market
wikidata:en:Q5203035
country:en: en:United States

co:D1
wikidata:en:Q43403418
country:en: en:Colombia

dk:Dagli'Brugsen
wikidata:en:Q12307017
country:en: en:Denmark

nl:Dagwinkel
wikidata:en:Q2433706
country:en: en:Netherlands

it:Decò
wikidata:en:Q65127915
country:en: en:Italy

nl:Deen
wikidata:en:Q13571727
country:en: en:Netherlands

nl:DekaMarkt
wikidata:en:Q2489350
country:en: en:Netherlands

be:Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q1184173
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q1184173
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Luxembourg

pl:Delikatesy Centrum
wikidata:en:Q11693824
country:en: en:Poland

ch:Denner
wikidata:en:Q379911
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Denner
wikidata:en:Q379911
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Liechtenstein

at:Denns BioMarkt
wikidata:en:Q48883773
country:en: en:Austria

at:Denns BioMarkt
wikidata:en:Q48883773
country:en: en:Austria,en:Germany

it:Despar
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Italy

gt:Despensa Familiar
wikidata:en:Q61994849
country:en: en:Guatemala

gt:Despensa Familiar
wikidata:en:Q61994849
country:en: en:Guatemala,en:Honduras

gt:Despensa Familiar
wikidata:en:Q61994849
country:en: en:Guatemala,en:Honduras,en:El Salvador

ar:Dia
wikidata:en:Q925132
country:en: en:Argentina

ar:Dia
wikidata:en:Q925132
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Brazil

ar:Dia
wikidata:en:Q925132
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Brazil,en:Spain

us:Dierbergs
wikidata:en:Q5274978
country:en: en:United States

us:Dillons
wikidata:en:Q5276954
country:en: en:United States

pl:Dino
wikidata:en:Q11694239
country:en: en:Poland

nl:Dirk
wikidata:en:Q17502722
country:en: en:Netherlands

ar:Disco (Argentina)
wikidata:en:Q6135978
country:en: en:Argentina

uy:Disco (Uruguay)
wikidata:en:Q16636819
country:en: en:Uruguay

de:diska
wikidata:en:Q62390177
country:en: en:Germany

in:DMart
wikidata:en:Q5203271
country:en: en:India

us:Dollar General Market
wikidata:en:Q145168
country:en: en:United States

de:Dornseifers Frischemarkt
wikidata:en:Q112254717
country:en: en:Germany

it:Dpiù
wikidata:en:Q3709955
country:en: en:Italy

au:Drakes
wikidata:en:Q48988077
country:en: en:Australia

gb:Dunnes Stores
wikidata:en:Q1266203
country:en: en:United Kingdom

gb:Dunnes Stores
wikidata:en:Q1266203
country:en: en:United Kingdom,en:Ireland

de:E-Center
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

kr:E-Mart
wikidata:en:Q490371
country:en: en:Korea (South)

es:E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:Spain

es:E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:Spain,en:France

es:E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:Spain,en:France,en:Poland

es:E.Leclerc
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:Spain,en:France,en:Poland,en:Portugal

fr:E.Leclerc Drive
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:France

fr:E.Leclerc Express
wikidata:en:Q1273376
country:en: en:France

gb:East of England CO-OP
wikidata:en:Q5329759
country:en: en:United Kingdom

ch:ebl-Naturkost
wikidata:en:Q22691722
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:ebl-Naturkost
wikidata:en:Q22691722
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Germany

es:Economy Cash
wikidata:en:Q114915795
country:en: en:Spain

my:Econsave
wikidata:en:Q61776608
country:en: en:Malaysia

de:EDEKA
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

de:EDEKA aktiv markt
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

de:EDEKA xpress
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

pl:Eko
wikidata:en:Q9251859
country:en: en:Poland

it:Ekom
wikidata:en:Q62073442
country:en: en:Italy

cl:Ekono
wikidata:en:Q2842729
country:en: en:Chile

be:Ekoplaza
wikidata:en:Q47017915
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Ekoplaza
wikidata:en:Q47017915
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Netherlands

es:El Jamón
wikidata:en:Q6135982
country:en: en:Spain

de:Elli
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

nl:EMTÉ
wikidata:en:Q3119122
country:en: en:Netherlands

us-ca.geojson:Erewhon
wikidata:en:Q105628552
country:en: en:United States

es:Eroski
wikidata:en:Q1361349
country:en: en:Spain

es:Eroski
wikidata:en:Q1361349
country:en: en:Spain,en:Gibraltar

es:Eroski City
wikidata:en:Q1361349
country:en: en:Spain

it:Esselunga
wikidata:en:Q1059636
country:en: en:Italy

at:ETSAN
wikidata:en:Q25916921
country:en: en:Austria

it:EuroSpin
wikidata:en:Q1374674
country:en: en:Italy

it:EuroSpin
wikidata:en:Q1374674
country:en: en:Italy,en:Slovenia

ph:Ever
wikidata:en:Q120684300
country:en: en:Philippines

no:Extra
wikidata:en:Q11964085
country:en: en:Norway

de:famila
wikidata:en:Q1395108
country:en: en:Germany

de:famila
wikidata:en:Q1395108
country:en: en:Germany,en:Italy

us:Family Fare
wikidata:en:Q19868045
country:en: en:United States

us:Fareway
wikidata:en:Q5434998
country:en: en:United States

ca:Farm Boy
wikidata:en:Q5435469
country:en: en:Canada

at:Feneberg
wikidata:en:Q5345378
country:en: en:Austria

at:Feneberg
wikidata:en:Q5345378
country:en: en:Austria,en:Germany

us:Fiesta Mart
wikidata:en:Q5447326
country:en: en:United States

us-ca.geojson:Food 4 Less
wikidata:en:Q5465282
country:en: en:United States

us-ca.geojson:Food 4 Less
wikidata:en:Q5465282
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-ca.geojson:Food 4 Less
wikidata:en:Q5465282
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us:Food City (USA)
wikidata:en:Q16981107
country:en: en:United States

es:Food Lion
wikidata:en:Q1435950
country:en: en:Spain

es:Food Lion
wikidata:en:Q1435950
country:en: en:Spain,en:United States

bw:Food Lover's Market
wikidata:en:Q65071570
country:en: en:Botswana

bw:Food Lover's Market
wikidata:en:Q65071570
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Namibia

bw:Food Lover's Market
wikidata:en:Q65071570
country:en: en:Botswana,en:Namibia,en:South Africa

au:Foodland (Australia)
wikidata:en:Q5465555
country:en: en:Australia

ca:Foodland (Canada)
wikidata:en:Q5465554
country:en: en:Canada

us-hi:Foodland (Hawaii)
wikidata:en:Q5465560
country:en: en:United States

us:FoodMaxx
wikidata:en:Q61894844
country:en: en:United States

us-ca.geojson:Foods Co
wikidata:en:Q5465282
country:en: en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Foodtown
wikidata:en:Q5465575
country:en: en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Foodtown
wikidata:en:Q5465575
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Foodtown
wikidata:en:Q5465575
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Foodtown
wikidata:en:Q5465575
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

au:Foodworks
wikidata:en:Q5465579
country:en: en:Australia

ca:Fortinos
wikidata:en:Q5472662
country:en: en:Canada

dk:Føtex
wikidata:en:Q1480395
country:en: en:Denmark

nz:Four Square
wikidata:en:Q5475558
country:en: en:New Zealand

pl:FRAC
wikidata:en:Q18817260
country:en: en:Poland

us:Fred Meyer
wikidata:en:Q5495932
country:en: en:United States

sk:Fresh Plus
wikidata:en:Q50737403
country:en: en:Slovak Republic

us:Fresh Thyme
wikidata:en:Q64132791
country:en: en:United States

nz:FreshChoice
wikidata:en:Q22271877
country:en: en:New Zealand

ca:FreshCo
wikidata:en:Q5502915
country:en: en:Canada

es:Froiz
wikidata:en:Q17070775
country:en: en:Spain

es:Froiz
wikidata:en:Q17070775
country:en: en:Spain,en:Portugal

us:Fry's Food and Drug
wikidata:en:Q5506547
country:en: en:United States

us:Fry's Marketplace
wikidata:en:Q5506547
country:en: en:United States

hk:fusion
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Hong Kong

fr:G20
wikidata:en:Q3504731
country:en: en:France

es:Gadis
wikidata:en:Q114398305
country:en: en:Spain

br:GBarbosa
wikidata:en:Q10287817
country:en: en:Brazil

cg:Géant Casino
wikidata:en:Q1380537
country:en: en:Congo

cg:Géant Casino
wikidata:en:Q1380537
country:en: en:Congo,en:France

us-ca.geojson:Gelson's
wikidata:en:Q16993993
country:en: en:United States

us-pa.geojson:Giant (Carlisle)
wikidata:en:Q5558332
country:en: en:United States

us-dc.geojson:Giant (Landover)
wikidata:en:Q5558336
country:en: en:United States

us-dc.geojson:Giant (Landover)
wikidata:en:Q5558336
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-dc.geojson:Giant (Landover)
wikidata:en:Q5558336
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-dc.geojson:Giant (Landover)
wikidata:en:Q5558336
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-in.geojson:Giant Eagle
wikidata:en:Q1522721
country:en: en:United States

us-in.geojson:Giant Eagle
wikidata:en:Q1522721
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-in.geojson:Giant Eagle
wikidata:en:Q1522721
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-in.geojson:Giant Eagle
wikidata:en:Q1522721
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-in.geojson:Giant Eagle
wikidata:en:Q1522721
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

id:Giant Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q4217013
country:en: en:Indonesia

id:Giant Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q4217013
country:en: en:Indonesia,en:Malaysia

id:Giant Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q4217013
country:en: en:Indonesia,en:Malaysia,en:Singapore

id:Giant Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q4217013
country:en: en:Indonesia,en:Malaysia,en:Singapore,en:Viet Nam

cz:Globus
wikidata:en:Q457503
country:en: en:Czech Republic

cz:Globus
wikidata:en:Q457503
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany

cz:Globus
wikidata:en:Q457503
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Russian Federation

de:Go Asia
wikidata:en:Q102381911
country:en: en:Germany

ca:Gordon Food Service
wikidata:en:Q1538006
country:en: en:Canada

ca:Gordon Food Service
wikidata:en:Q1538006
country:en: en:Canada,en:United States

fr:Grand Frais
wikidata:en:Q3114675
country:en: en:France

us:Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q5609934
country:en: en:United States

pl:Groszek
wikidata:en:Q9280965
country:en: en:Poland

it:Gulliver
wikidata:en:Q110454395
country:en: en:Italy

ca:H Mart
wikidata:en:Q5636306
country:en: en:Canada

ca:H Mart
wikidata:en:Q5636306
country:en: en:Canada,en:United Kingdom

ca:H Mart
wikidata:en:Q5636306
country:en: en:Canada,en:United Kingdom,en:United States

mx:H-E-B
wikidata:en:Q830621
country:en: en:Mexico

mx:H-E-B
wikidata:en:Q830621
country:en: en:Mexico,en:United States

mx:H-E-B plus!
wikidata:en:Q830621
country:en: en:Mexico

mx:H-E-B plus!
wikidata:en:Q830621
country:en: en:Mexico,en:United States

tr:Hakmar
wikidata:en:Q110454434
country:en: en:Turkey

tr:Hakmar Express
wikidata:en:Q110454466
country:en: en:Turkey

ee:HalpaHalli
wikidata:en:Q11861256
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:HalpaHalli
wikidata:en:Q11861256
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Finland

ee:HalpaHalli
wikidata:en:Q11861256
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Finland,en:Russian Federation

us:Hannaford
wikidata:en:Q5648760
country:en: en:United States

us:Harps
wikidata:en:Q16994839
country:en: en:United States

au:Harris Farm Markets
wikidata:en:Q5664888
country:en: en:Australia

us:Harris Teeter
wikidata:en:Q5665067
country:en: en:United States

se:Hemköp
wikidata:en:Q10521746
country:en: en:Sweden

de:HERKULES Ecenter
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

id:Hero Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q12485604
country:en: en:Indonesia

gb:Heron Foods
wikidata:en:Q5743472
country:en: en:United Kingdom

es:Hiper Simply
wikidata:en:Q5643014
country:en: en:Spain

es:Hipercor
wikidata:en:Q191574
country:en: en:Spain

es:HiperDino
wikidata:en:Q105955292
country:en: en:Spain

bo:Hipermaxi
wikidata:en:Q81968262
country:en: en:Bolivia

de:HIT
wikidata:en:Q1548713
country:en: en:Germany

bg:HitMax
wikidata:en:Q114053568
country:en: en:Bulgaria

be:Hmarket
wikidata:en:Q119994958
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Hmarket
wikidata:en:Q119994958
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

at:Hofer
wikidata:en:Q15815751
country:en: en:Austria

at:Hofer
wikidata:en:Q15815751
country:en: en:Austria,en:Slovenia

nl:Hoogvliet
wikidata:en:Q2770647
country:en: en:Netherlands

cz:Hruška
wikidata:en:Q58196374
country:en: en:Czech Republic

us:Hy-Vee
wikidata:en:Q1639719
country:en: en:United States

fr:Hyper U
wikidata:en:Q2529029
country:en: en:France

bo:IC Norte
wikidata:en:Q81967653
country:en: en:Bolivia

se:ICA Kvantum
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Sweden

se:ICA Nära
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Sweden

no:ICA Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Norway

no:ICA Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Norway,en:Sweden

us:Ideal Food Basket
wikidata:en:Q111908729
country:en: en:United States

ca:IGA
wikidata:en:Q3146662
country:en: en:Canada

ca:IGA
wikidata:en:Q3146662
country:en: en:Canada,en:United States

au:IGA (Australia)
wikidata:en:Q5970945
country:en: en:Australia

lt:IKI
wikidata:en:Q1653981
country:en: en:Lithuania

it:In's Mercato
wikidata:en:Q105615834
country:en: en:Italy

it:Incoop
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Italy

us:Ingles
wikidata:en:Q6032595
country:en: en:United States

fr:Intermarché Drive
wikidata:en:Q3153200
country:en: en:France

fr:Intermarché Express
wikidata:en:Q98278043
country:en: en:France

fr:Intermarché Express
wikidata:en:Q98278043
country:en: en:France,en:Portugal

fr:Intermarché Hyper
wikidata:en:Q98278022
country:en: en:France

be:Intermarché Super
wikidata:en:Q98278038
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Intermarché Super
wikidata:en:Q98278038
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

be:Intermarché Super
wikidata:en:Q98278038
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Poland

be:Intermarché Super
wikidata:en:Q98278038
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Poland,en:Portugal

at:Interspar
wikidata:en:Q15820339
country:en: en:Austria

at:Interspar
wikidata:en:Q15820339
country:en: en:Austria,en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

it:Iperal
wikidata:en:Q3801481
country:en: en:Italy

it:Ipercoop
wikidata:en:Q6064990
country:en: en:Italy

dk:Irma
wikidata:en:Q797150
country:en: en:Denmark

nl:Jan Linders
wikidata:en:Q2200982
country:en: en:Netherlands

us:Jewel-Osco
wikidata:en:Q3178470
country:en: en:United States

no:Joker
wikidata:en:Q716328
country:en: en:Norway

be:Jumbo
wikidata:en:Q2262314
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Jumbo
wikidata:en:Q2262314
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Netherlands

ar:Jumbo (Cencosud)
wikidata:en:Q6310864
country:en: en:Argentina

ar:Jumbo (Cencosud)
wikidata:en:Q6310864
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Chile

ar:Jumbo (Cencosud)
wikidata:en:Q6310864
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Chile,en:Colombia

fi:K-Citymarket
wikidata:en:Q11868561
country:en: en:Finland

fi:K-Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q5408668
country:en: en:Finland

de:K+K
wikidata:en:Q1718009
country:en: en:Germany

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Croatia (Hrvatska),en:Moldova

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Croatia (Hrvatska),en:Moldova,en:Poland

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Croatia (Hrvatska),en:Moldova,en:Poland,en:Romania

cz:Kaufland
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Croatia (Hrvatska),en:Moldova,en:Poland,en:Romania,en:Slovak Republic

bg:Kaufland (България)
wikidata:en:Q685967
country:en: en:Bulgaria

bo:Ketal
wikidata:en:Q81967299
country:en: en:Bolivia

us:Key Food
wikidata:en:Q6398037
country:en: en:United States

au:KFL Supermarkets
wikidata:en:Q113462406
country:en: en:Australia

us:King Soopers
wikidata:en:Q6412065
country:en: en:United States

us:King Soopers Marketplace
wikidata:en:Q6412065
country:en: en:United States

us:Kings
wikidata:en:Q6412914
country:en: en:United States

tr:Kipa
wikidata:en:Q218006
country:en: en:Turkey

no:Kiwi
wikidata:en:Q1613639
country:en: en:Norway

sk:Klas
wikidata:en:Q116718756
country:en: en:Slovak Republic

ba:Konzum (Balkans)
wikidata:en:Q518563
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina

ba:Konzum (Balkans)
wikidata:en:Q518563
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina,en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

cz:Konzum (Česko)
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Czech Republic

cz:Konzum (Česko)
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Czech Republic,en:Slovak Republic

uz:Korzinka
wikidata:en:Q110120894
country:en: en:Uzbekistan

us:Kroger
wikidata:en:Q153417
country:en: en:United States

us:Kroger Marketplace
wikidata:en:Q153417
country:en: en:United States

is:Krónan
wikidata:en:Q16419327
country:en: en:Iceland

us-hi:KTA Super Stores
wikidata:en:Q44361030
country:en: en:United States

de:Kupsch
wikidata:en:Q1750581
country:en: en:Germany

dk:Kvickly
wikidata:en:Q7061148
country:en: en:Denmark

fr:L'Eau Vive
wikidata:en:Q89200423
country:en: en:France

ar:La Anónima
wikidata:en:Q6135985
country:en: en:Argentina

mx:La Comer
wikidata:en:Q26765126
country:en: en:Mexico

us:La Michoacana Meat Market
wikidata:en:Q6463872
country:en: en:United States

es:La Plaza de DIA
wikidata:en:Q58904673
country:en: en:Spain

fr:La Vie Claire
wikidata:en:Q3213589
country:en: en:France

ch:Landi
wikidata:en:Q1803010
country:en: en:Switzerland

fr:Les Comptoirs De La Bio
wikidata:en:Q120801428
country:en: en:France

pl:Lewiatan
wikidata:en:Q11755396
country:en: en:Poland

cl:Lider
wikidata:en:Q6711261
country:en: en:Chile

cl:Lider Express
wikidata:en:Q6711261
country:en: en:Chile

gb:Lincolnshire Co-op
wikidata:en:Q6551231
country:en: en:United Kingdom

md:Linella
wikidata:en:Q61085990
country:en: en:Moldova

ca:Loblaws
wikidata:en:Q3257626
country:en: en:Canada

ie:Londis (Ireland)
wikidata:en:Q21015800
country:en: en:Ireland

gb:Londis (UK)
wikidata:en:Q21008564
country:en: en:United Kingdom

gb-eng:Longdan
wikidata:en:Q111462402
country:en: en:United Kingdom

ca-on.geojson:Longo's
wikidata:en:Q6674182
country:en: en:Canada

id:Lotte Mart
wikidata:en:Q326715
country:en: en:Indonesia

id:Lotte Mart
wikidata:en:Q326715
country:en: en:Indonesia,en:Korea (South)

my:Lotus's
wikidata:en:Q2378901
country:en: en:Malaysia

my:Lotus's
wikidata:en:Q2378901
country:en: en:Malaysia,en:Thailand

dk:Løvbjerg
wikidata:en:Q12325422
country:en: en:Denmark

us:Lowe's Market
wikidata:en:Q6693107
country:en: en:United States

us:Lowes Foods
wikidata:en:Q6693991
country:en: en:United States

de:LPG BioMarkt
wikidata:en:Q107983669
country:en: en:Germany

us:Lucky
wikidata:en:Q6698032
country:en: en:United States

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia,en:India

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia,en:India,en:Kuwait

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia,en:India,en:Kuwait,en:Malaysia

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia,en:India,en:Kuwait,en:Malaysia,en:Oman

ae:Lulu Hypermarket
wikidata:en:Q6702930
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Egypt,en:Indonesia,en:India,en:Kuwait,en:Malaysia,en:Oman,en:Qatar

es:Lupa
wikidata:en:Q58044048
country:en: en:Spain

tr:Macrocenter
wikidata:en:Q123194881
country:en: en:Turkey

us:Marc's
wikidata:en:Q17080259
country:en: en:United States

ca:Marché Adonis
wikidata:en:Q20707426
country:en: en:Canada

in:Margin Free Market
wikidata:en:Q99751436
country:en: en:India

us-il.geojson:Mariano's Fresh Market
wikidata:en:Q55622168
country:en: en:United States

ma:Marjane
wikidata:en:Q2055692
country:en: en:Morocco

de:Markant
wikidata:en:Q57523365
country:en: en:Germany

gr:Market In
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Greece

us:Market of Choice
wikidata:en:Q6770822
country:en: en:United States

hk:Market Place
wikidata:en:Q10851178
country:en: en:Hong Kong

hk:Market Place by Jasons
wikidata:en:Q6770713
country:en: en:Hong Kong

us-nm.geojson:Market Street
wikidata:en:Q119405196
country:en: en:United States

us-nm.geojson:Market Street
wikidata:en:Q119405196
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

de:MARKTKAUF
wikidata:en:Q1533254
country:en: en:Germany

nl:Marqt
wikidata:en:Q55361811
country:en: en:Netherlands

us-in.geojson:Martin's Super Markets
wikidata:en:Q6774803
country:en: en:United States

us-in.geojson:Martin's Super Markets
wikidata:en:Q6774803
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

be:Match
wikidata:en:Q513977
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Match
wikidata:en:Q513977
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France

be:Match
wikidata:en:Q513977
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Hungary

be:Match
wikidata:en:Q513977
country:en: en:Belgium,en:France,en:Hungary,en:Luxembourg

no:Matkroken
wikidata:en:Q11988679
country:en: en:Norway

ca:Maxi (Canada)
wikidata:en:Q3302441
country:en: en:Canada

es:Maxi Dia
wikidata:en:Q925132
country:en: en:Spain

no:Maxi ICA Stormarknad
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Norway

no:Maxi ICA Stormarknad
wikidata:en:Q1663776
country:en: en:Norway,en:Sweden

ee:Maxima X
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:Maxima X
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania

ee:Maxima X
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia

ee:Maxima XX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:Maxima XX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania

ee:Maxima XX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia

ee:Maxima XX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia,en:Poland

ee:Maxima XXX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:Maxima XXX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania

ee:Maxima XXX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia

ee:Maxima XXX
wikidata:en:Q1881222
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia,en:Poland

at:Maximarkt
wikidata:en:Q55524814
country:en: en:Austria

cn:MaxValu
wikidata:en:Q11340427
country:en: en:China

cn:MaxValu
wikidata:en:Q11340427
country:en: en:China,en:Malaysia

cn:MaxValu
wikidata:en:Q11340427
country:en: en:China,en:Malaysia,en:Thailand

nl:MCD
wikidata:en:Q46936596
country:en: en:Netherlands

it:MD
wikidata:en:Q3841263
country:en: en:Italy

ro:Mega Image
wikidata:en:Q6808085
country:en: en:Romania

na:Megasave
wikidata:en:Q116520541
country:en: en:Namibia

na:Megasave
wikidata:en:Q116520541
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland

na:Megasave
wikidata:en:Q116520541
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland,en:South Africa

jp:MEGAドン・キホーテ
wikidata:en:Q1185381
country:en: en:Japan

lv:Mego
wikidata:en:Q16363314
country:en: en:Latvia

us:Meijer
wikidata:en:Q1917753
country:en: en:United States

de:mein real
wikidata:en:Q698473
country:en: en:Germany

dk:Meny
wikidata:en:Q10581720
country:en: en:Denmark

dk:Meny
wikidata:en:Q10581720
country:en: en:Denmark,en:Norway

br:Mercado Extra
wikidata:en:Q5422131
country:en: en:Brazil

es:Mercadona
wikidata:en:Q377705
country:en: en:Spain

es:Mercadona
wikidata:en:Q377705
country:en: en:Spain,en:Portugal

ba:Mercator
wikidata:en:Q738412
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina

ba:Mercator
wikidata:en:Q738412
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina,en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

ba:Mercator
wikidata:en:Q738412
country:en: en:Bosnia & Herzegovina,en:Croatia (Hrvatska),en:Slovenia

cy:Metro (Cyprus)
wikidata:en:Q6715491
country:en: en:Cyprus

ca-on.geojson:Metro (Ontario & Quebec)
wikidata:en:Q1145669
country:en: en:Canada

ca-on.geojson:Metro (Ontario & Quebec)
wikidata:en:Q1145669
country:en: en:Canada,en:Canada

pe:Metro (Perú)
wikidata:en:Q16640217
country:en: en:Peru

ph:Metro Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q23808789
country:en: en:Philippines

pt:Meu Super
wikidata:en:Q119948154
country:en: en:Portugal

mx:Mi Bodega Aurrera
wikidata:en:Q3365858
country:en: en:Mexico

tr:Migros Jet
wikidata:en:Q1754510
country:en: en:Turkey

pl:Mila
wikidata:en:Q48844636
country:en: en:Poland

sk:Milk-Agro
wikidata:en:Q64173785
country:en: en:Slovak Republic

dk:Min Købmand
wikidata:en:Q104310815
country:en: en:Denmark

pt:Minipreço
wikidata:en:Q3042224
country:en: en:Portugal

us:Mitsuwa Marketplace
wikidata:en:Q6883386
country:en: en:United States

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France,en:United Kingdom

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France,en:United Kingdom,en:Greece

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France,en:United Kingdom,en:Greece,en:Italy

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France,en:United Kingdom,en:Greece,en:Italy,en:Netherlands

at:Mix Markt
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Austria,en:Belgium,en:Cyprus,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Spain,en:France,en:United Kingdom,en:Greece,en:Italy,en:Netherlands,en:Portugal

bg:Mix Markt (България)
wikidata:en:Q327854
country:en: en:Bulgaria

pl:Mokpol
wikidata:en:Q113227698
country:en: en:Poland

ad:Monoprix (France)
wikidata:en:Q3321241
country:en: en:Andorra

ad:Monoprix (France)
wikidata:en:Q3321241
country:en: en:Andorra,en:France

tn:Monoprix (Tunisia)
wikidata:en:Q2719231
country:en: en:Tunisia

in:More
wikidata:en:Q6910891
country:en: en:India

gb:Morrisons
wikidata:en:Q922344
country:en: en:United Kingdom

at:MPREIS
wikidata:en:Q873491
country:en: en:Austria

at:MPREIS
wikidata:en:Q873491
country:en: en:Austria,en:Italy

gr:My market
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Greece

my:Mydin
wikidata:en:Q6947269
country:en: en:Malaysia

no:Nærbutikken
wikidata:en:Q108810007
country:en: en:Norway

at:Nah & Frisch
wikidata:en:Q1963643
country:en: en:Austria

at:Nah & Frisch
wikidata:en:Q1963643
country:en: en:Austria,en:Germany

de:nah und gut
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

de:Nahkauf
wikidata:en:Q57515238
country:en: en:Germany

ke:Naivas
wikidata:en:Q18379067
country:en: en:Kenya

us:Natural Grocers
wikidata:en:Q17146520
country:en: en:United States

fr:Naturalia
wikidata:en:Q3337081
country:en: en:France

it:NaturaSì
wikidata:en:Q60840755
country:en: en:Italy

in:Nature's Basket
wikidata:en:Q28174237
country:en: en:India

is:Nettó (Ísland)
wikidata:en:Q67205962
country:en: en:Iceland

fr:Netto (Les Mousquetaires)
wikidata:en:Q2720988
country:en: en:France

fr:Netto (Les Mousquetaires)
wikidata:en:Q2720988
country:en: en:France,en:Portugal

de:Netto (Salling)
wikidata:en:Q552652
country:en: en:Germany

de:Netto (Salling)
wikidata:en:Q552652
country:en: en:Germany,en:Denmark

de:Netto (Salling)
wikidata:en:Q552652
country:en: en:Germany,en:Denmark,en:Poland

de:Netto City
wikidata:en:Q879858
country:en: en:Germany

de:Netto Marken-Discount
wikidata:en:Q879858
country:en: en:Germany

nl:Nettorama
wikidata:en:Q1828639
country:en: en:Netherlands

us:New Seasons Market
wikidata:en:Q7011463
country:en: en:United States

nz:New World
wikidata:en:Q7012488
country:en: en:New Zealand

gb:Nisa Extra
wikidata:en:Q16999069
country:en: en:United Kingdom

ca:No Frills
wikidata:en:Q3342407
country:en: en:Canada

pl:Nomi
wikidata:en:Q11792768
country:en: en:Poland

lt:Norfa XL
wikidata:en:Q1998983
country:en: en:Lithuania

at:NORMA
wikidata:en:Q450180
country:en: en:Austria

at:NORMA
wikidata:en:Q450180
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic

at:NORMA
wikidata:en:Q450180
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany

at:NORMA
wikidata:en:Q450180
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:France

ca:Northern Store
wikidata:en:Q7754361
country:en: en:Canada

ua:Novus
wikidata:en:Q116748340
country:en: en:Ukraine

de:NP
wikidata:en:Q15836148
country:en: en:Germany

my:NSK Trade City
wikidata:en:Q106978506
country:en: en:Malaysia

sg:NTUC Fairprice
wikidata:en:Q6955519
country:en: en:Singapore

nl:Odin
wikidata:en:Q122904022
country:en: en:Netherlands

na:OK Foods
wikidata:en:Q116520377
country:en: en:Namibia

na:OK Foods
wikidata:en:Q116520377
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland

na:OK Foods
wikidata:en:Q116520377
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland,en:South Africa

na:OK Minimark
wikidata:en:Q116520457
country:en: en:Namibia

na:OK Minimark
wikidata:en:Q116520457
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland

na:OK Minimark
wikidata:en:Q116520457
country:en: en:Namibia,en:Swaziland,en:South Africa

be:Okay
wikidata:en:Q2159701
country:en: en:Belgium

co:Olímpica
wikidata:en:Q24749847
country:en: en:Colombia

nz:PAK'nSAVE
wikidata:en:Q7125339
country:en: en:New Zealand

cr:Palí
wikidata:en:Q1064887
country:en: en:Costa Rica

cr:Palí
wikidata:en:Q1064887
country:en: en:Costa Rica,en:Nicaragua

ch:Pam
wikidata:en:Q105615038
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Pam
wikidata:en:Q105615038
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Italy

br:Pão de Açúcar
wikidata:en:Q3411543
country:en: en:Brazil

br:Pão de Açúcar
wikidata:en:Q3411543
country:en: en:Brazil,en:Portugal

us:Patel Brothers
wikidata:en:Q55641396
country:en: en:United States

us:Pavilions
wikidata:en:Q7155886
country:en: en:United States

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Hungary

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Hungary,en:Italy

at:PENNY
wikidata:en:Q284688
country:en: en:Austria,en:Czech Republic,en:Germany,en:Hungary,en:Italy,en:Romania

us-il.geojson:Pete's Market
wikidata:en:Q118793358
country:en: en:United States

us-wi.geojson:Pick 'n Save
wikidata:en:Q7371288
country:en: en:United States

na:Pick n Pay
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia

na:Pick n Pay
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia,en:South Africa

na:Pick n Pay Hyper
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia

na:Pick n Pay Hyper
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia,en:South Africa

na:Pick n Pay Super
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia

na:Pick n Pay Super
wikidata:en:Q7190735
country:en: en:Namibia,en:South Africa

gb:Piggly Wiggly
wikidata:en:Q3388303
country:en: en:United Kingdom

gb:Piggly Wiggly
wikidata:en:Q3388303
country:en: en:United Kingdom,en:United States

pt:Pingo Doce
wikidata:en:Q1575057
country:en: en:Portugal

pl:Piotr i Paweł
wikidata:en:Q2096356
country:en: en:Poland

gb-lon.geojson:Planet Organic
wikidata:en:Q24298870
country:en: en:United Kingdom

pe:Plaza Vea
wikidata:en:Q7203672
country:en: en:Peru

hr:Plodine
wikidata:en:Q58040098
country:en: en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

nl:PLUS
wikidata:en:Q1978981
country:en: en:Netherlands

ad:Plusfresc
wikidata:en:Q111373081
country:en: en:Andorra

ad:Plusfresc
wikidata:en:Q111373081
country:en: en:Andorra,en:Spain

nl:Poiesz
wikidata:en:Q2521700
country:en: en:Netherlands

pl:POLOmarket
wikidata:en:Q11821937
country:en: en:Poland

us-ks.geojson:Price Chopper (Kansas City)
wikidata:en:Q7242572
country:en: en:United States

us-ks.geojson:Price Chopper (Kansas City)
wikidata:en:Q7242572
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-ct.geojson:Price Chopper (New England)
wikidata:en:Q7242574
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us:Price Rite
wikidata:en:Q7242560
country:en: en:United States

es:Primaprix
wikidata:en:Q112691161
country:en: en:Spain

ee:Prisma
wikidata:en:Q12047031
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:Prisma
wikidata:en:Q12047031
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Finland

ee:Prisma
wikidata:en:Q12047031
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Finland,en:Russian Federation

hu:Privát Max
wikidata:en:Q115606854
country:en: en:Hungary

it:Prix
wikidata:en:Q61994819
country:en: en:Italy

be:Profi
wikidata:en:Q956664
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Profi
wikidata:en:Q956664
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Hungary

be:Profi
wikidata:en:Q956664
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Hungary,en:Romania

ro:Profi City
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Romania

ro:Profi Loco
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Romania

ro:Profi Super
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Romania

ca:Provigo
wikidata:en:Q3408306
country:en: en:Canada

ch:Proxi Super
wikidata:en:Q3408522
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Proxi Super
wikidata:en:Q3408522
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:France

be:Proxy Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q14903417
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Proxy Delhaize
wikidata:en:Q14903417
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Luxembourg

us:Publix
wikidata:en:Q672170
country:en: en:United States

us:Pueblo
wikidata:en:Q7258464
country:en: en:United States

it:Punto Simply
wikidata:en:Q3484790
country:en: en:Italy

ph:Puregold
wikidata:en:Q7261170
country:en: en:Philippines

us-or.geojson:QFC
wikidata:en:Q7265425
country:en: en:United States

us-or.geojson:QFC
wikidata:en:Q7265425
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

ke:QuickMart
wikidata:en:Q113012659
country:en: en:Kenya

ca-on.geojson:Rabba
wikidata:en:Q109659398
country:en: en:Canada

us-ca.geojson:Raley's
wikidata:en:Q7286970
country:en: en:United States

us:Ralphs
wikidata:en:Q3929820
country:en: en:United States

us:Ray's Food Place
wikidata:en:Q108163041
country:en: en:United States

hu:Reál
wikidata:en:Q100741414
country:en: en:Hungary

ca:Real Canadian Superstore
wikidata:en:Q7300856
country:en: en:Canada

us:Redner's
wikidata:en:Q7306166
country:en: en:United States

in:Reliance Fresh
wikidata:en:Q7311014
country:en: en:India

dk:Rema 1000
wikidata:en:Q28459
country:en: en:Denmark

dk:Rema 1000
wikidata:en:Q28459
country:en: en:Denmark,en:Norway

de:REWE
wikidata:en:Q16968817
country:en: en:Germany

de:REWE City
wikidata:en:Q16968817
country:en: en:Germany

ee:Rimi
wikidata:en:Q3741108
country:en: en:Estonia

ee:Rimi
wikidata:en:Q3741108
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania

ee:Rimi
wikidata:en:Q3741108
country:en: en:Estonia,en:Lithuania,en:Latvia

au:Ritchies
wikidata:en:Q7336696
country:en: en:Australia

ph:Robinsons Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7353143
country:en: en:Philippines

us-id.geojson:Rosauers
wikidata:en:Q7367458
country:en: en:United States

us-id.geojson:Rosauers
wikidata:en:Q7367458
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-id.geojson:Rosauers
wikidata:en:Q7367458
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-id.geojson:Rosauers
wikidata:en:Q7367458
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us:Rouses
wikidata:en:Q7371327
country:en: en:United States

us:Ruler Foods
wikidata:en:Q17125470
country:en: en:United States

fi:S-market
wikidata:en:Q11891613
country:en: en:Finland

mx:S-Mart
wikidata:en:Q7387069
country:en: en:Mexico

ca:Safeway (Canada)
wikidata:en:Q17111901
country:en: en:Canada

us:Safeway (USA)
wikidata:en:Q1508234
country:en: en:United States

gb:Sainsbury's
wikidata:en:Q152096
country:en: en:United Kingdom

cl:Santa Isabel
wikidata:en:Q7419620
country:en: en:Chile

am:SAS
wikidata:en:Q118347380
country:en: en:Armenia

us:Save Mart
wikidata:en:Q7428009
country:en: en:United States

us:Save-A-Lot
wikidata:en:Q7427972
country:en: en:United States

ca:Save-On-Foods
wikidata:en:Q7427974
country:en: en:Canada

za:SaveMor
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:South Africa

ph:Savemore
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Philippines

de:Scheck-In Center
wikidata:en:Q701755
country:en: en:Germany

us:Schnucks
wikidata:en:Q7431920
country:en: en:United States

gb:Scotmid
wikidata:en:Q7435719
country:en: en:United Kingdom

us:Seafood City
wikidata:en:Q7440359
country:en: en:United States

mx:Selecto Chedraui
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

ee:Selver
wikidata:en:Q3771177
country:en: en:Estonia

us-ca.geojson:SF Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7505012
country:en: en:United States

us-ca.geojson:SF Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7505012
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-ca.geojson:SF Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7505012
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-ca.geojson:SF Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7505012
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us:Shaw's
wikidata:en:Q578387
country:en: en:United States

sg:Sheng Siong
wikidata:en:Q3481878
country:en: en:Singapore

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Nigeria

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Nigeria,en:Swaziland

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Nigeria,en:Swaziland,en:Uganda

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Nigeria,en:Swaziland,en:Uganda,en:South Africa

ao:Shoprite (Africa)
wikidata:en:Q1857639
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Zaire,en:Ghana,en:Lesotho,en:Madagascar,en:Mauritius,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Nigeria,en:Swaziland,en:Uganda,en:South Africa,en:Zambia

us:ShopRite (USA)
wikidata:en:Q7501097
country:en: en:United States

ph:Shopwise
wikidata:en:Q118674375
country:en: en:Philippines

il:Shufersal
wikidata:en:Q4523181
country:en: en:Israel

bd:Shwapno
wikidata:en:Q115664015
country:en: en:Bangladesh

it:Sì con te
wikidata:en:Q118442109
country:en: en:Italy

it:Sigma
wikidata:en:Q3977979
country:en: en:Italy

it:Sisa
wikidata:en:Q3943661
country:en: en:Italy

de:Sky
wikidata:en:Q1129779
country:en: en:Germany

de:Sky
wikidata:en:Q1129779
country:en: en:Germany,en:Latvia

de:Sky
wikidata:en:Q1129779
country:en: en:Germany,en:Latvia,en:Netherlands

pl:SLAWEX
wikidata:en:Q110801396
country:en: en:Poland

kz:Small
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Kazakhstan

mx:Smart & Final
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:Mexico

mx:Smart & Final
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:Mexico,en:United States

mx:Smart & Final
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:Mexico,en:United States,en:United States

mx:Smart & Final
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:Mexico,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-az.geojson:Smart & Final Extra!
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:United States

us-az.geojson:Smart & Final Extra!
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-az.geojson:Smart & Final Extra!
wikidata:en:Q7543916
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

be:Smatch
wikidata:en:Q5185959
country:en: en:Belgium

be:Smatch
wikidata:en:Q5185959
country:en: en:Belgium,en:Luxembourg

ca:Smith's
wikidata:en:Q7544856
country:en: en:Canada

ca:Smith's
wikidata:en:Q7544856
country:en: en:Canada,en:United States

ca:Sobeys
wikidata:en:Q1143340
country:en: en:Canada

tr:Şok
wikidata:en:Q19613992
country:en: en:Turkey

mx:Soriana
wikidata:en:Q735562
country:en: en:Mexico

es:Sorli Discau
wikidata:en:Q21034458
country:en: en:Spain

no:Spar (Norge)
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Norway

at:SPAR Gourmet
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Austria

it:Spazio Conad
wikidata:en:Q118130063
country:en: en:Italy

pl:Społem
wikidata:en:Q11826043
country:en: en:Poland

us:Sprouts Farmers Market
wikidata:en:Q7581369
country:en: en:United States

us:Stater Bros.
wikidata:en:Q7604016
country:en: en:United States

pl:Stokrotka
wikidata:en:Q9345945
country:en: en:Poland

pl:Stokrotka Market
wikidata:en:Q110801183
country:en: en:Poland

pl:Stokrotka Optima
wikidata:en:Q110801045
country:en: en:Poland

us:Stop & Shop
wikidata:en:Q3658429
country:en: en:United States

us-in.geojson:Strack & Van Til
wikidata:en:Q17108969
country:en: en:United States

es:Suma
wikidata:en:Q58012362
country:en: en:Spain

au:Supabarn
wikidata:en:Q7641883
country:en: en:Australia

es:Supeco (España)
wikidata:en:Q110067041
country:en: en:Spain

fx:Supeco (France)
wikidata:en:Q110067293
country:en: en:France (Metropolitan)

ro:Supeco (România)
wikidata:en:Q110066889
country:en: en:Romania

us:Super 1 Foods
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:United States

mx:Super Che
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

mx:Super Chedraui
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

mx:Super del Norte
wikidata:en:Q88388513
country:en: en:Mexico

us:Super H Mart
wikidata:en:Q5636306
country:en: en:United States

ph:Super Metro
wikidata:en:Q23808789
country:en: en:Philippines

us:Super One Foods
wikidata:en:Q17108733
country:en: en:United States

mx:Super Selecto Chedraui
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

fr:Super U
wikidata:en:Q2529029
country:en: en:France

mx:Superama
wikidata:en:Q6135762
country:en: en:Mexico

de:SuperBioMarkt
wikidata:en:Q2367009
country:en: en:Germany

dk:SuperBrugsen
wikidata:en:Q12337746
country:en: en:Denmark

mx:Supercito Chedraui
wikidata:en:Q2961952
country:en: en:Mexico

it:Superconti
wikidata:en:Q69381940
country:en: en:Italy

es:Supercor
wikidata:en:Q6135841
country:en: en:Spain

es:Supercor
wikidata:en:Q6135841
country:en: en:Spain,en:Portugal

es:SuperDino
wikidata:en:Q105955304
country:en: en:Spain

mx:SuperISSSTE
wikidata:en:Q113205941
country:en: en:Mexico

br:Supermercados BH
wikidata:en:Q115209705
country:en: en:Brazil

es:Supermercados MAS
wikidata:en:Q120764436
country:en: en:Spain

it:Supermercati Zazzeron
wikidata:en:Q108805425
country:en: en:Italy

ar:Supersol
wikidata:en:Q62073427
country:en: en:Argentina

ar:Supersol
wikidata:en:Q62073427
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Spain

ar:Supersol
wikidata:en:Q62073427
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Spain,en:Morocco

ar:Supersol
wikidata:en:Q62073427
country:en: en:Argentina,en:Spain,en:Morocco,en:Uruguay

es:Superspar
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Spain

es:Superspar
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Spain,en:South Africa

gb:SuperValu
wikidata:en:Q7642081
country:en: en:United Kingdom

gb:SuperValu
wikidata:en:Q7642081
country:en: en:United Kingdom,en:Ireland

nz:SuperValue (New Zealand)
wikidata:en:Q7642080
country:en: en:New Zealand

in:Supplyco Super Market
wikidata:en:Q99613456
country:en: en:India

at:Sutterlüty
wikidata:en:Q1421502
country:en: en:Austria

us:Target (USA)
wikidata:en:Q1046951
country:en: en:United States

hk:Taste
wikidata:en:Q7687667
country:en: en:Hong Kong

de:tegut
wikidata:en:Q1547993
country:en: en:Germany

ie:Tesco Metro
wikidata:en:Q57551648
country:en: en:Ireland

my:TF Value-Mart
wikidata:en:Q96679744
country:en: en:Malaysia

gb:The Food Warehouse
wikidata:en:Q87263899
country:en: en:United Kingdom

us:The Fresh Market
wikidata:en:Q7735265
country:en: en:United States

ca:The Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q16062155
country:en: en:Canada

au:The Source Bulk Foods
wikidata:en:Q113771168
country:en: en:Australia

au:The Source Bulk Foods
wikidata:en:Q113771168
country:en: en:Australia,en:Canada

au:The Source Bulk Foods
wikidata:en:Q113771168
country:en: en:Australia,en:Canada,en:United Kingdom

my:The Store
wikidata:en:Q96679754
country:en: en:Malaysia

ua:Thrash! Траш!
wikidata:en:Q56364758
country:en: en:Ukraine

co:Tiendas D1
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Colombia

it:Tigre
wikidata:en:Q114567803
country:en: en:Italy

it:Tigre Amico
wikidata:en:Q114567814
country:en: en:Italy

it:Tigros
wikidata:en:Q24935610
country:en: en:Italy

us:Times Supermarkets
wikidata:en:Q7806566
country:en: en:United States

it:Todis
wikidata:en:Q3992174
country:en: en:Italy

us-tx.geojson:Tom Thumb
wikidata:en:Q7817826
country:en: en:United States

hr:Tommy
wikidata:en:Q12643718
country:en: en:Croatia (Hrvatska)

us-il.geojson:Tony's Fresh Market
wikidata:en:Q118594253
country:en: en:United States

pl:Top Market
wikidata:en:Q9360044
country:en: en:Poland

pl:Topaz
wikidata:en:Q11837058
country:en: en:Poland

th:Tops (Thailand)
wikidata:en:Q7825140
country:en: en:Thailand

us:Tops (USA)
wikidata:en:Q7825137
country:en: en:United States

cl:Tottus
wikidata:en:Q7828510
country:en: en:Chile

cl:Tottus
wikidata:en:Q7828510
country:en: en:Chile,en:Peru

us:Trader Joe's
wikidata:en:Q688825
country:en: en:United States

in:Triveni Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q7844639
country:en: en:India

am:Tsiran
wikidata:en:Q118733566
country:en: en:Armenia

it:Tuodì
wikidata:en:Q3706995
country:en: en:Italy

fr:U Express
wikidata:en:Q2529029
country:en: en:France

it:U!
wikidata:en:Q105542347
country:en: en:Italy

it:U2
wikidata:en:Q105542216
country:en: en:Italy

cl:Unimarc
wikidata:en:Q6156244
country:en: en:Chile

at:Unimarkt
wikidata:en:Q1169599
country:en: en:Austria

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-al.geojson:United Grocery Outlet
wikidata:en:Q23074318
country:en: en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States,en:United States

us-tx.geojson:United Supermarkets
wikidata:en:Q17108901
country:en: en:United States

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho,en:Malawi

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Swaziland

ao:Usave
wikidata:en:Q115696368
country:en: en:Angola,en:Botswana,en:Lesotho,en:Malawi,en:Mozambique,en:Namibia,en:Swaziland,en:South Africa

hk:U購Select U Select
wikidata:en:Q22098822
country:en: en:Hong Kong

de:V-MARKT
wikidata:en:Q1504903
country:en: en:Germany

us:Vallarta
wikidata:en:Q7911833
country:en: en:United States

ca:Valu-mart
wikidata:en:Q7912687
country:en: en:Canada

ua:Varus
wikidata:en:Q114944216
country:en: en:Ukraine

ar:Vea
wikidata:en:Q5858167
country:en: en:Argentina

il:Victory
wikidata:en:Q6564842
country:en: en:Israel

es:Vidal Supermercados
wikidata:en:Q114915046
country:en: en:Spain

ch:VOI
wikidata:en:Q110277616
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Volg
wikidata:en:Q2530746
country:en: en:Switzerland

ch:Volg
wikidata:en:Q2530746
country:en: en:Switzerland,en:Liechtenstein

nl:Vomar
wikidata:en:Q3202837
country:en: en:Netherlands

us:Vons
wikidata:en:Q7941609
country:en: en:United States

gb:Waitrose
wikidata:en:Q771734
country:en: en:United Kingdom

mx:Walmart Express
wikidata:en:Q483551
country:en: en:Mexico

ca:Walmart Neighborhood Market
wikidata:en:Q483551
country:en: en:Canada

ca:Walmart Neighborhood Market
wikidata:en:Q483551
country:en: en:Canada,en:United States

ca:Walmart Supercentre
wikidata:en:Q483551
country:en: en:Canada

de:Wasgau
wikidata:en:Q2536857
country:en: en:Germany

us:Wegmans
wikidata:en:Q11288478
country:en: en:United States

us:Weis
wikidata:en:Q7980370
country:en: en:United States

ca:Whole Foods Market
wikidata:en:Q1809448
country:en: en:Canada

ca:Whole Foods Market
wikidata:en:Q1809448
country:en: en:Canada,en:United Kingdom

ca:Whole Foods Market
wikidata:en:Q1809448
country:en: en:Canada,en:United Kingdom,en:United States

se:Willys
wikidata:en:Q10720214
country:en: en:Sweden

us:WinCo Foods
wikidata:en:Q8023592
country:en: en:United States

vn:WinMart
wikidata:en:Q60245505
country:en: en:Viet Nam

us:Winn-Dixie
wikidata:en:Q1264366
country:en: en:United States

us-il.geojson:Woodman's Markets
wikidata:en:Q8033073
country:en: en:United States

us-il.geojson:Woodman's Markets
wikidata:en:Q8033073
country:en: en:United States,en:United States

au:Woolworths (Australia)
wikidata:en:Q3249145
country:en: en:Australia

nz:Woolworths (New Zealand)
wikidata:en:Q5176845
country:en: en:New Zealand

au:Woolworths Metro (Australia)
wikidata:en:Q111772555
country:en: en:Australia

nz:Woolworths Metro (New Zealand)
wikidata:en:Q123699264
country:en: en:New Zealand

sk:Yeme
wikidata:en:Q108757006
country:en: en:Slovak Republic

am:Yerevan City
wikidata:en:Q55663505
country:en: en:Armenia

ca:Your Independent Grocer
wikidata:en:Q8058833
country:en: en:Canada

ca:Zehrs
wikidata:en:Q8068546
country:en: en:Canada

am:Zovq
wikidata:en:Q118727379
country:en: en:Armenia

gr:ΑΒ Βασιλόπουλος
wikidata:en:Q4721807
country:en: en:Greece

gr:Γαλαξίας
wikidata:en:Q5518063
country:en: en:Greece

gr:Κρητικός
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Greece

gr:Μασούτης
wikidata:en:Q6783887
country:en: en:Greece

cy:Σκλαβενίτης
wikidata:en:Q7536037
country:en: en:Cyprus

cy:Σκλαβενίτης
wikidata:en:Q7536037
country:en: en:Cyprus,en:Greece

ru:Абсолют (Россия)
wikidata:en:Q62389597
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Абсолют (Україна)
wikidata:en:Q62389546
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Авоська
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Азбука Вкуса
wikidata:en:Q4058209
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Аникс
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Атак
wikidata:en:Q2868738
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:АТБ-Маркет
wikidata:en:Q4054103
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Ашан
wikidata:en:Q110053013
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Ашан Україна
wikidata:en:Q4073419
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Байрам
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

by:Белмаркет
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Belarus

ua:Близенько
wikidata:en:Q117670418
country:en: en:Ukraine

bg:Булмаг
wikidata:en:Q66133376
country:en: en:Bulgaria

ua:Велмарт
wikidata:en:Q121004370
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Верный
wikidata:en:Q110037370
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Виктория
wikidata:en:Q4111046
country:en: en:Russian Federation

by:Виталюр
wikidata:en:Q55663075
country:en: en:Belarus

ua:Вопак
wikidata:en:Q30966107
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Гросеров
wikidata:en:Q112764775
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Гулливер
wikidata:en:Q58003470
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Да!
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

bg:Дар
wikidata:en:Q114053570
country:en: en:Bulgaria

ru:Десяточка
wikidata:en:Q61876182
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Дикси
wikidata:en:Q4161561
country:en: en:Russian Federation

by:Евроопт
wikidata:en:Q108489016
country:en: en:Belarus

by:Евроопт Hyper
wikidata:en:Q65455975
country:en: en:Belarus

by:Евроопт Super
wikidata:en:Q65455960
country:en: en:Belarus

ua:ЕКО маркет
wikidata:en:Q12103350
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Карусель
wikidata:en:Q4216307
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Квартал
wikidata:en:Q25446563
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Кировский
wikidata:en:Q63301903
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Командор
wikidata:en:Q61876152
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Копійка
wikidata:en:Q116871080
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Красный Яр
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Лента
wikidata:en:Q4258608
country:en: en:Russian Federation

bg:Лидл (България)
wikidata:en:Q108169047
country:en: en:Bulgaria

ua:ЛотОК
wikidata:en:Q117670659
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:Магнит у дома
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Магнолия
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Мария-Ра
wikidata:en:Q4281631
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Мираторг
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Монетка
wikidata:en:Q4301704
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Наш Край
wikidata:en:Q12132995
country:en: en:Ukraine

ru:О’КЕЙ
wikidata:en:Q4340901
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Перекрёсток
wikidata:en:Q1684639
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Покупочка
wikidata:en:Q58003270
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Полушка
wikidata:en:Q4371080
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Пятёрочка
wikidata:en:Q1768969
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Радеж
wikidata:en:Q4387165
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:РеалЪ
wikidata:en:Q110037601
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Реми
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

by:Рублёвский
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Belarus

ua:Рукавичка
wikidata:en:Q20092568
country:en: en:Ukraine

by:Санта
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Belarus

ru:Светофор
wikidata:en:Q61875920
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Семишагофф
wikidata:en:Q58003374
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ua:Сільпо
wikidata:en:Q4419434
country:en: en:Ukraine

bg:Т-Маркет
wikidata:en:Q64033983
country:en: en:Bulgaria

ua:Таврія В
wikidata:en:Q16038771
country:en: en:Ukraine

bg:Фантастико
wikidata:en:Q61140834
country:en: en:Bulgaria

ua:Фора
wikidata:en:Q12165977
country:en: en:Ukraine

bg:Фреш Маркет
wikidata:en:Q115452307
country:en: en:Bulgaria

by:Хит! Экспресс
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Belarus

ru:Чижик
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Эдельвейс
wikidata:en:Q57979368
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ru:Ярче!
wikidata:en:Q102254456
country:en: en:Russian Federation

ge:მაგნიტი
wikidata:en:Q118792780
country:en: en:Georgia

ge:ნიკორა
wikidata:en:Q115949612
country:en: en:Georgia

ge:ორი ნაბიჯი
wikidata:en:Q115949750
country:en: en:Georgia

ge:სპარი
wikidata:en:Q610492
country:en: en:Georgia

il:אושר עד
wikidata:en:Q31198118
country:en: en:Israel

il:טיב טעם
wikidata:en:Q2903718
country:en: en:Israel

il:יינות ביתן
wikidata:en:Q6561327
country:en: en:Israel

il:מגה
wikidata:en:Q12403907
country:en: en:Israel

il:מגה בעיר
wikidata:en:Q12403907
country:en: en:Israel

il:קואופ שופ
wikidata:en:Q16132437
country:en: en:Israel

il:קשת טעמים
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Israel

il:רמי לוי
wikidata:en:Q6035779
country:en: en:Israel

il:שופרסל אקספרס
wikidata:en:Q4523181
country:en: en:Israel

il:שופרסל דיל
wikidata:en:Q4523181
country:en: en:Israel

il:שופרסל שלי
wikidata:en:Q4523181
country:en: en:Israel

il:שוק מהדרין
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Israel

sa:أسواق التميمي
wikidata:en:Q111042647
country:en: en:Saudi Arabia

eg:أسواق عبد الله العثيم
wikidata:en:Q12218555
country:en: en:Egypt

eg:أسواق عبد الله العثيم
wikidata:en:Q12218555
country:en: en:Egypt,en:Saudi Arabia

ir:افق کوروش
wikidata:en:Q65199490
country:en: en:Iran

ae:بنده
wikidata:en:Q4832749
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates

ae:بنده
wikidata:en:Q4832749
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain

ae:بنده
wikidata:en:Q4832749
country:en: en:United Arab Emirates,en:Bahrain,en:Saudi Arabia

ir:جانبو
wikidata:en:Q119145401
country:en: en:Iran

ir:دیلی مارکت
wikidata:en:Q119145493
country:en: en:Iran

ir:رفاه
wikidata:en:Q7307085
country:en: en:Iran

dz:مونوبري
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Algeria

dz:مونوبري
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Algeria,en:Qatar

dz:مونوبري
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Algeria,en:Qatar,en:Tunisia

ir:هایپراستار
wikidata:en:Q10860330
country:en: en:Iran

kr:롯데마트
wikidata:en:Q326715
country:en: en:Korea (South)

kr:롯데슈퍼
wikidata:en:Q12594199
country:en: en:Korea (South)

kr:우리마트
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:Korea (South)

kr:하나로마트
wikidata:en:Q12590611
country:en: en:Korea (South)

jp:アコレ
wikidata:en:Q11283128
country:en: en:Japan

jp:アピタ
wikidata:en:Q55384637
country:en: en:Japan

jp:イオン
wikidata:en:Q11285951
country:en: en:Japan

jp:イオンスーパーセンター
wikidata:en:Q11285970
country:en: en:Japan

jp:イズミヤ
wikidata:en:Q11286632
country:en: en:Japan

jp:イトーヨーカドー
wikidata:en:Q3088746
country:en: en:Japan

jp:いなげや
wikidata:en:Q17193392
country:en: en:Japan

jp:エーコープ
wikidata:en:Q11291524
country:en: en:Japan

jp:エコス
wikidata:en:Q11289886
country:en: en:Japan

jp:オークワ
wikidata:en:Q11293166
country:en: en:Japan

jp:オーケーストア
wikidata:en:Q11293184
country:en: en:Japan

jp:オリンピック
wikidata:en:Q11292764
country:en: en:Japan

jp:カスミ
wikidata:en:Q11294160
country:en: en:Japan

jp:キョーエイ
wikidata:en:Q11297581
country:en: en:Japan

jp:グルメシティ
wikidata:en:Q11300647
country:en: en:Japan

jp:コープ
wikidata:en:Q11508615
country:en: en:Japan

jp:コープこう
wikidata:en:Q5137453
country:en: en:Japan

jp:コープさっぽろ
wikidata:en:Q11574624
country:en: en:Japan

jp:コモディイイダ
wikidata:en:Q11302699
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ザ・ビッグ
wikidata:en:Q11306676
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ザ・ビッグ エクスプレス
wikidata:en:Q11306676
country:en: en:Japan

jp:サミット
wikidata:en:Q11305129
country:en: en:Japan

jp:サンディ
wikidata:en:Q11305717
country:en: en:Japan

jp-01.geojson:シティ
wikidata:en:Q115865410
country:en: en:Japan

jp-01.geojson:シティマート
wikidata:en:Q115865410
country:en: en:Japan

jp:スーパーアークス
wikidata:en:Q17190570
country:en: en:Japan

jp:スーパーアルプス
wikidata:en:Q11313666
country:en: en:Japan

jp:スーパーバリュー
wikidata:en:Q11313802
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ダイエー
wikidata:en:Q11316644
country:en: en:Japan

jp-45.geojson:タイヨー（南九州）
wikidata:en:Q11315815
country:en: en:Japan

jp-45.geojson:タイヨー（南九州）
wikidata:en:Q11315815
country:en: en:Japan,en:Japan

jp-08.geojson:タイヨー（南関東）
wikidata:en:Q11315814
country:en: en:Japan

jp-08.geojson:タイヨー（南関東）
wikidata:en:Q11315814
country:en: en:Japan,en:Japan

jp:トウズ
wikidata:en:Q53308796
country:en: en:Japan

jp:トライアル
wikidata:en:Q11321723
country:en: en:Japan

jp:とりせん
wikidata:en:Q11273505
country:en: en:Japan

jp:バロー
wikidata:en:Q11328346
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ピーコックストア
wikidata:en:Q11331715
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ピアゴ
wikidata:en:Q91014434
country:en: en:Japan

jp:フジ
wikidata:en:Q8963035
country:en: en:Japan

jp:フジグラン
wikidata:en:Q8963035
country:en: en:Japan

jp:フレスタ
wikidata:en:Q11333988
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ベイシア
wikidata:en:Q11336776
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ベルク
wikidata:en:Q11337090
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ベルクス
wikidata:en:Q11305967
country:en: en:Japan

jp:まいばすけっと
wikidata:en:Q11278154
country:en: en:Japan

jp:マックスバリュ
wikidata:en:Q11340427
country:en: en:Japan

jp:マミーマート
wikidata:en:Q11340902
country:en: en:Japan

jp:マルエツ
wikidata:en:Q11341197
country:en: en:Japan

jp:マルエツプチ
wikidata:en:Q11341197
country:en: en:Japan

jp:マルナカ
wikidata:en:Q11341399
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ヤオコー
wikidata:en:Q11344967
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ヤマナカ
wikidata:en:Q11345199
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ゆめタウン
wikidata:en:Q11280900
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ヨークベニマル
wikidata:en:Q11346199
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ヨークマート
wikidata:en:Q11346201
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ライフ
wikidata:en:Q11346476
country:en: en:Japan

jp-01.geojson:ラッキー
wikidata:en:Q115865306
country:en: en:Japan

jp-01.geojson:ラッキーマート
wikidata:en:Q115865306
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ラルズマート
wikidata:en:Q11347482
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ロピア
wikidata:en:Q11350624
country:en: en:Japan

jp:ワイズマート
wikidata:en:Q11351175
country:en: en:Japan

jp:万代
wikidata:en:Q11353756
country:en: en:Japan

cn:中百佳乐家
wikidata:en:
country:en: en:China

cn:京客隆
wikidata:en:Q10902027
country:en: en:China

hk:佳宝食品超級市場 Kai Bo Food Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q10886987
country:en: en:Hong Kong

tw:全聯福利中心
wikidata:en:Q7262792
country:en: en:Taiwan

cn:农工商超市
wikidata:en:Q15923587
country:en: en:China

cn:北京华联
wikidata:en:Q4881137
country:en: en:China

cn:华润万家
wikidata:en:Q5099892
country:en: en:China

cn:大张超市
wikidata:en:Q111270003
country:en: en:China

cn:大润发
wikidata:en:Q7277802
country:en: en:China

tw:大潤發
wikidata:en:Q7277802
country:en: en:Taiwan

ca:大統華 T&T Supermarket
wikidata:en:Q837893
country:en: en:Canada

cn:家乐福
wikidata:en:Q3117359
country:en: en:China

cn:家家悦
wikidata:en:Q123025078
country:en: en:China

tw:家樂福
wikidata:en:Q3117359
country:en: en:Taiwan

tw:家樂福超市
wikidata:en:Q2689639
country:en: en:Taiwan

hk:惠康 Wellcome
wikidata:en:Q706247
country:en: en:Hong Kong

jp:成城石井
wikidata:en:Q11495410
country:en: en:Japan

jp:東光ストア
wikidata:en:Q11526020
country:en: en:Japan

jp:東急ストア
wikidata:en:Q11526963
country:en: en:Japan

jp:東武ストア
wikidata:en:Q11527478
country:en: en:Japan

tw:楓康超市
wikidata:en:Q10915548
country:en: en:Taiwan

jp:業務スーパー
wikidata:en:Q11590183
country:en: en:Japan

cn:永旺
wikidata:en:Q271413
country:en: en:China

hk:永旺 AEON
wikidata:en:Q271413
country:en: en:Hong Kong

cn:永辉超市
wikidata:en:Q17028520
country:en: en:China

cn:沃尔玛
wikidata:en:Q483551
country:en: en:China

cn:物美
wikidata:en:Q8039225
country:en: en:China

hk:百佳超級市場 PARKnSHOP
wikidata:en:Q7138619
country:en: en:Hong Kong

hk:百佳超級市場 PARKnSHOP
wikidata:en:Q7138619
country:en: en:Hong Kong,en:Macau

cn:百姓量贩
wikidata:en:Q123025089
country:en: en:China

cn:盒马鲜生
wikidata:en:Q58617964
country:en: en:China

jp:相鉄ローゼン
wikidata:en:Q11582450
country:en: en:Japan

tw:美廉社
wikidata:en:Q15914017
country:en: en:Taiwan

hk:華潤萬家 Vanguard
wikidata:en:Q5099892
country:en: en:Hong Kong

jp:西友
wikidata:en:Q3108542
country:en: en:Japan

cn:银座超市
wikidata:en:Q123025090
country:en: en:China

cn:长申国际购物广场
wikidata:en:Q111270006
country:en: en:China

jp:関西スーパー
wikidata:en:Q11656215
country:en: en:Japan

