# Units taxonomy

# This taxonomy contains the translations of unit names (singular and plural) and abbreviations
# The conversion_factor:en: property is the multiplication factor to get the value in the standard unit (expressed in standard_unit:en: property)
# (e.g. for kg, it is 1000 to get values in g)

# The xx: entry is used for the canonical name, with the standard symbol first, if the symbol uses latin letters
# Otherwise, we use a symbol:en: property for the symbol
# e.g. for microgram:
# xx:mcg
# symbol:en:µg
# This is needed because µg in the xx: entry (xx:µg) would be canonicalized to xx:g

xx:g, gr, grs
ar:جرام, جرامات
bn:গ্রাম, গ্রামগুলি
bs:gram, grama
ca:gram, grams
cs:gram, gramů
da:gram, gram
de:Gramm, Gramm
el:γραμμάριο, γραμμάρια
en:gram, grams
es:gramo, gramos
et:gramm, grammi
fa:گرم, گرم‌ها
fi:gramma, grammaa
fil:gramo, gramo
fr:gramme, grammes
he:גרם, גרמים
hi:ग्राम, ग्राम
hr:gram, grama
hu:gramm, gramm
id:gram, gram
it:grammo, grammi
ja:グラム, グラム
jv:gram, gram
ka:გრამი, გრამები
kk:грамм, граммдар
km:ក្រាម, ក្រាម
ko:그램, 그램
lt:gramas, gramai
lv:grams, grami
mk:грам, грамови
ml:ഗ്രാം, ഗ്രാമങ്ങൾ
mr:ग्राम, ग्राम
ms:gram, gram
my:ဂရမ်, ဂရမ်များ
ne:ग्राम, ग्रामहरू
nl:gram, gram
no:gram, gram
pl:gram, gramy
pt:grama, gramas
ro:gram, grame
ru:грамм, граммы, г
sk:gram, gramov
sl:gram, grami
sq:gram, gramë
sr:грам, грамови
sv:gram, gram
sw:gramu, gramu
ta:கிராமம், கிராமங்கள்
te:గ్రామం, గ్రామాలు
th:กรัม, กรัม
tr:gram, gram
uk:грам, грами
ur:گرام, گرام
vi:gam, gam
zh:克, 克, 公克
conversion_factor:en:1
standard_unit:en:g

xx:kg, kgs, kgr
ar:كيلوغرام, كيلوغرامات
bn:কেজি, কেজি
bs:kilogram, kilograma
ca:kilogram, quilograms
cs:kilogram, kilogramů
da:kilogram, kilogram
de:Kilogramm, Kilogramm
el:κιλό, κιλά
en:kilogram, kilograms
es:kilogramo, kilogramos
et:kilogramm, kilogrammi
fa:کیلوگرم, کیلوگرم‌ها
fi:kilogramma, kilogrammaa
fil:kilogramo, kilogramo
fr:kilogramme, kilogrammes
he:קילוגרם, קילוגרמים
hi:किलोग्राम, किलोग्राम
hr:kilogram, kilograma
hu:kilogramm, kilogramm
id:kilogram, kilogram
it:chilogrammo, chilogrammi
ja:キログラム, キログラム
jv:kilogram, kilogram
ka:კილოგრამი, კილოგრამები
kk:килограмм, килограммдар
km:គីឡូក្រាម, គីឡូក្រាម
ko:킬로그램, 킬로그램
lt:kilogramas, kilogramai
lv:kilogrami, kilogrami
mk:килограм, килограми
ml:കിലോഗ്രാം, കിലോഗ്രാമുകൾ
mr:किलोग्राम, किलोग्राम
ms:kilogram, kilogram
my:ကီလိုဂရမ်, ကီလိုဂရမ်များ
ne:किलोग्राम, किलोग्रामहरू
nl:kilogram, kilogram
no:kilogram, kilogram
pl:kilogram, kilogramy
pt:quilograma, quilogramas
ro:kilogram, kilograme
ru:килограмм, килограммы, кг
sk:kilogram, kilogramov
sl:kilogram, kilogramov
sq:kilogram, kilogramë
sr:килограм, килограми
sv:kilogram, kilogram
sw:kilogramu, kilogramu
ta:கிலோகிராம், கிலோகிராம்கள்
te:కిలోగ్రాం, కిలోగ్రాములు
th:กิโลกรัม, กิโลกรัม
tr:kilogram, kilogram
uk:кілограм, кілограми
ur:کلوگرام, کلوگرام
vi:kilôgam, kilôgam
zh:千克, 千克, 公斤
conversion_factor:en:1000
standard_unit:en:g

# Milligrams
xx:mg, mgs
ar:ملغ, ملغ
bn:মিলিগ্রাম, মিলিগ্রাম
bs:Miligram, Miligrama
ca:Mil·ligram, mil·ligrams
cs:Miligram, miligramů
da:milligram, milligram
de:Milligramm, Milligramm
el:χιλιοστόγραμμο, χιλιοστόγραμμα
en:milligram, milligrams
es:miligramo, miligramos
et:milligramm, milligrammi
fa:میلی‌گرم, میلی‌گرم‌ها
fi:milligramma, milligrammaa
fil:milligram, milligram
fr:milligramme, milligrammes
he:מיליגרם, מיליגרמים
hi:मिलीग्राम, मिलीग्राम
hr:Miligram, Miligrama
hu:milligramm, milligramm
id:milligram, miligram
it:milligrammo, milligrammi
ja:ミリグラム, ミリグラム
jv:milligram, miligram
ka:მილიგრამი, მილიგრამები
kk:миллиграмм, миллиграммдар
km:មិល្លីក្រាម, មិល្លីក្រាម
ko:밀리그램, 밀리그램
lt:Miligramas, Miligramai
lv:Miligrami, miligrami
mk:милиграм, милиграми
ml:മില്ലിഗ്രാം, മില്ലിഗ്രാമുകൾ
mr:मिलिग्राम, मिलिग्राम
ms:Miligram, miligram
my:မီလီဂရမ်, မီလီဂရမ်များ
ne:मिलिग्राम, मिलिग्रामहरू
nl:milligram, milligram
no:milligram, milligram
pl:Miligram, miligramy
pt:miligrama, miligramas
ro:Miligram, miligrame
ru:миллиграмм, миллиграммы, мг
sk:Miligram, miligramov
sl:Miligram, miligramov
sq:Miligram, miligramë
sr:милиграм, милиграми
sv:milligram, milligram
sw:Miligramu, miligramu
ta:மிகிராம், மிகிராம்கள்
te:మిల్లీగ్రాము, మిల్లీగ్రాములు
th:มิลลิกรัม, มิลลิกรัม
tr:Miligram, miligram
uk:міліграм, міліграми
ur:ملی گرام, ملی گرام
vi:Miligam, miligam
zh:毫克, 毫克
conversion_factor:en:0.001
standard_unit:en:g

# Micrograms
xx:mcg, mcgs
symbol:en:µg
en:microgram, micrograms
ar:ميكروغرام, ميكروغرام
bn:মাইক্রোগ্রাম, মাইক্রোগ্রাম
bs:Mikrogram, Mikrograma
ca:Micrògram, micrògrams
cs:Mikrogram, mikrogramů
da:mikrogram, mikrogram
de:Mikrogramm, Mikrogramm
el:μικρογραμμάριο, μικρογραμμάρια
es:microgramo, microgramos
et:mikrogramm, mikrogrammi
fa:میکروگرم, میکروگرم‌ها
fi:mikrogramma, mikrogrammaa
fil:mikrogram, mikrogram
fr:microgramme, microgrammes
he:מיקרוגרם, מיקרוגרמים
hi:माइक्रोग्राम, माइक्रोग्राम
hr:Mikrogram, Mikrograma
hu:mikrogramm, mikrogramm
id:mikrogram, mikrogram
it:microgrammo, microgrammi
ja:マイクログラム, マイクログラム
jv:mikrogram, mikrogram
ka:მიკროგრამი, მიკროგრამები
kk:микрограмм, микрограммдар
km:ម៉ាយក្រូក្រាម, ម៉ាយក្រូក្រាម
ko:마이크로그램, 마이크로그램
lt:Mikrogramas, Mikrogramai
lv:Mikrogrami, mikrogrami
mk:микрограм, микрограми
ml:മൈക്രോഗ്രാം, മൈക്രോഗ്രാംകൾ
mr:मायक्रोग्राम, मायक्रोग्राम
ms:Mikrogram, mikrogram
my:မိုက်ကွဲကိုဂရမ်, မိုက်ကွဲကိုဂရမ်များ
ne:माइक्रोग्राम, माइक्रोग्रामहरू
nl:micogram, microgram
no:mikrogram, mikrogram
pl:Mikrogram, mikrogramy
pt:micrograma, microgramas
ro:Microgram, micrograme
ru:микрограмм, микрограммы
sk:Mikrogram, mikrogramov
sl:Mikrogram, mikrogramov
sq:Mikrogram, mikrogramë
sr:микрограм, микрограми
sv:mikrogram, mikrogram
sw:Mikrogramu, mikrogramu
ta:மைக்ரோகிராம், மைக்ரோகிராம்கள்
te:మైక్రోగ్రాము, మైక్రోగ్రాములు
th:ไมโครกรัม, ไมโครกรัม
tr:Mikrogram, mikrogram
uk:мікрограм, мікрограми
ur:مائیکرو گرام, مائیکرو گرام
vi:Microgam, microgam
zh:微克, 微克
conversion_factor:en:0.000001
standard_unit:en:g

# Pounds
xx:lb, lbs
ar:رطل, رطل
bg:паунд, паундове
bn:পাউন্ড, পাউন্ড
cs:libra, liber
cy:punt, pwysau
da:pund, pund
de:Pfund, Pfund
el:λίβρα, λίβρες
en:pound, pounds
es:libra, libras
et:nael, naela
fa:پوند, پوند
fi:punti, paunat
fil:pound, mga pound
fr:livre, livres
he:פאונד, פאונדים
hi:पाउंड, पाउंड
hr:funt, funte
hu:font, fontok
id:pound, pound
is:pund, pund
it:libbra, libbre
ja:ポンド, ポンド
jv:pound, pound
ka:ფუნტი, ფუნტები
kk:фунт, фунттар
km:ផោន, ផោន
ko:파운드, 파운드
lt:svaras, svarai
lv:mārciņa, mārciņas
mk:фунта, фунти
ml:പൗണ്ട്, പൗണ്ടുകൾ
mr:पाऊंड, पाऊंड
ms:pound, paun
my:ပေါင်, ပေါင်များ
ne:पाउन्ड, पाउन्डहरू
nl:pound, ponden
no:pund, pund
pl:funt, funty
pt:libra, libras
ro:liră, lire
ru:фунт, фунты
sk:libra, libry
sl:funt, funti
sq:pund, paundë
sr:фунта, фунте
sv:pund, pund
sw:pound, pauni
ta:பவுண்டு, பவுண்டுகள்
te:పౌండు, పౌండులు
th:ปอนด์, ปอนด์
tr:pound, pound
uk:фунт, фунти
ur:پاؤنڈ, پاؤنڈز
vi:pound, pound
zh:磅, 磅
conversion_factor:en:453.59237
standard_unit:en:g

xx:metric-pound
en:metric pound, metric pounds
fr:livre métrique, livres métriques
zh:斤
conversion_factor:en:500
standard_unit:en:g


# Ounces
xx:oz, ozs
ar:أونصة, أونصات
bg:унция, унции
bn:ঔঞ্জ, ঔঞ্জ
cs:unce, unce
cy:owns, ownsiau
da:ounce, ounces
de:Unze, Unzen
el:ουγγιά, ουγγιές
es:onza, onzas
et:unts, untsid
fa:انس, انس‌ها
fi:unssi, unssia
fil:ounce, mga ounce
fr:once, onces
he:אונקייה, אונקיות
hi:औंस, औंस
hr:unca, unce
hu:uncia, uncia
id:ons, ons
is:únsa, únsur
it:oncia, once
ja:オンス, オンス
jv:ons, ons
ka:უნცია, უნცები
kk:унция, унциялар
km:អ៊ុនស្ករ, អ៊ុនស្ករ
ko:온스, 온스
lt:uncia, uncijos
lv:unces, unces
mk:унца, унција
ml:ഓൺസ്, ഓൺസുകൾ
mr:औंस, औंस
ms:ons, ons
my:အောင်စီး, အောင်စီးများ
ne:औंस, औंसहरू
nl:ounce, ounces
no:ounce, ounces
pl:uncja, uncje
pt:onça, onças
ro:uncie, unții
ru:унция, унции
sk:uncia, uncie
sl:unca, unce
sq:uncë, unca
sr:унца, унце
sv:uns, unsar
sw:ownsi, ownsi
ta:ஆன்ஸ், ஆன்ஸ்கள்
te:ఆన్స్, ఆన్సులు
th:ออนซ์, ออนซ์
tr:ons, ons
uk:унція, унції
ur:اونس, اونسز
vi:ounce, ounce
zh:盎司, 盎司
conversion_factor:en:28.349523125
standard_unit:en:g

# Liters
xx:l, ls
ar:لتر, لترات
bn:লিটার, লিটার
bs:Litar, Litara
ca:Litre, litres
cs:Litr, litrů
da:liter, liter
de:Liter, Liter
el:λίτρο, λίτρα
en:liter, liters
es:litro, litros
et:liiter, liitrit
fa:لیتر, لیترها
fi:litra, litraa
fil:litro, litro
fr:litre, litres
he:ליטר, ליטרים
hi:लीटर, लीटर
hr:Litar, Litara
hu:liter, liter
id:liter, liter
it:litro, litri
ja:リットル, リットル
jv:liter, liter
ka:ლიტრი, ლიტრები
kk:литр, литрлер
km:លីត្រ, លីត្រ
ko:리터, 리터
lt:Litras, litrai
lv:Litri, litri
mk:литар, литри
ml:ലീറ്റർ, ലീറ്റർകൾ
mr:लिटर, लिटर
ms:liter, liter
my:လီတာ, လီတာများ
ne:लिटर, लिटरहरू
nl:liter, liter
no:liter, liter
pl:Litry, litry
pt:litro, litros
ro:Litru, litri
ru:литр, литры, л
sk:Liter, litrov
sl:Liter, litrov
sq:Liter, litra
sr:литар, литри
sv:liter, liter
sw:Lita, lita
ta:லிட்டர், லிட்டர்கள்
te:లీటర్, లీటర్లు
th:ลิตร, ลิตร
tr:Litre, litre
uk:літр, літри
ur:لیٹر, لیٹر
vi:Lít, lít
zh:升, 升, 公升
conversion_factor:en:1000
standard_unit:en:ml

xx:dl, dls
en:deciliter, deciliters
ar:ديسيلتر, ديسيلترات
bg:децилитър, децилитри
bn:ডেসিলিটার, ডেসিলিটার
cs:decilitr, decilitry
cy:deciliter, decilitrau
da:deciliter, decilitre
de:Deziliter, Deziliter
el:δεκατόλιτρο, δεκατόλιτρα
es:decilitro, decilitros
et:deciliiter, deciliitrit
fa:دسی لیتر, دسی لیترها
fi:desilitra, desilitraa
fil:deciliter, deciliters
fr:décilitre, décilitres
he:דציליטר, דציליטרים
hi:डेसीलीटर, डेसीलीटर
hr:decilitra, decilitri
hu:deciliter, deciliter
id:desiliter, desiliter
is:desilítill, desilítill
it:decilitro, decilitri
ja:デシリットル, デシリットル
jv:deciliter, decilitra
ka:დეცილიტრი, დეცილიტრები
kk:десилитр, десилитрлер
km:ដែលសីល្លីត្រ, ដែលសីល្លីត្រ
ko:데시리터, 데시리터
lt:decilitras, decilitrai
lv:decilitrs, decilitri
mk:десилитар, десилитри
ml:ഡെസിലീറ്റർ, ഡെസിലീറ്റർകൾ
mr:डेसीलीटर, डेसीलीटर
ms:deciliter, deciliter
my:ဒီလီလီတာ, ဒီလီလီတာများ
ne:डेसिलिटर, डेसिलिटरहरू
nl:deciliter, deciliters
no:deciliter, decilitre
pl:Decylitr, Decylitrów
pt:decilitro, decilitros
ro:decilitru, decilitri
ru:децилитр, децилитры,  дл
sk:deciliter, decilitre
sl:deciliter, decilitri
sq:deciliter, decilitra
sr:децилитар, децилитри
sv:deciliter, deciliter
ta:டெசிலிட்டர், டெசிலிட்டர்கள்
te:డెసిలిటర్, డెసిలిటర్లు
th:เดซิลิตร์, เดซิลิตร์
zh:分升
conversion_factor:en:100
standard_unit:en:ml


xx:cl, cls
en:centiliter, centiliters
ar:سنتيلتر, سنتيلترات
bg:центилитър, центилитри
bn:সেন্টিলিটার, সেন্টিলিটার
cs:centilitr, centilitry
cy:centiliter, centilitrau
da:centiliter, centilitre
de:Zentiliter, Zentiliter
el:εκατοστόλιτρο, εκατοστόλιτρα
es:centilitro, centilitros
et:tsentiliiter, tsentiliitrit
fa:سانتی لیتر, سانتی لیترها
fi:senttilitra, senttilitraa
fil:centiliter, centiliters
fr:centilitre, centilitres
he:סנטיליטר, סנטיליטרים
hi:सेंटीलीटर, सेंटीलीटर
hr:centilitra, centilitri
hu:centiliter, centiliter
is:sentilítill, sentilítill
it:centilitro, centilitri
ja:センチリットル, センチリットル
jv:centiliter, centilitra
ka:ცენტილიტრი, ცენტილიტრები
kk:сантилитр, сантилитрлер
km:សីល្លីត្រក្រឡាប់, សីល្លីត្រក្រឡាប់
ko:센티리터, 센티리터
lt:centilitras, centilitrai
lv:centilitrs, centilitri
mk:центилитар, центилитри
ml:സെന്റിലീറ്റർ, സെന്റിലീറ്റർകൾ
mr:सेंटीलीटर, सेंटीलीटर
ms:centiliter, centiliter
my:စင်တီလီလီတာ, စင်တီလီလီတာများ
ne:सेन्टिलिटर, सेन्टिलिटरहरू
nl:centiliter, centiliters
no:centiliter, centilitre
pl:Centylitr, Centylitrów
pt:centilitro, centilitros
ro:centilitru, centilitri
ru:центилитр, центилитры, кл
sk:centiliter, centilitre
sl:centiliter, centilitri
sq:centiliter, centilitra
sr:центилитар, центилитри
sv:centiliter, centiliter
sw:sentilita, sentilita
ta:சென்டிலிட்டர், சென்டிலிட்டர்கள்
te:సెంటిలిటర్, సెంటిలిటర్లు
th:เซนติลิตร์, เซนติลิตร์
tr:santilitre, santilitreler
uk:центилітр, центилітри
ur:سینٹی لیٹر, سینٹی لیٹرز
vi:centilit, centilit
zh:厘升, 厘升
conversion_factor:en:10
standard_unit:en:ml


xx:ml, mls
en:milliliter, milliliters
ar:ملليلتر, ملليلترات
bg:милилитър, милилитри
bn:মিলিলিটার, মিলিলিটার
cs:mililitr, mililitry
cy:milliliter, millilitrau
da:milliliter, millilitre
de:Milliliter, Milliliter
el:χιλιοστόλιτρο, χιλιοστόλιτρα
es:millilitro, millilitros
et:milliliiter, milliliitrit
fa:میلی لیتر, میلی لیترها
fi:millilitra, millilitraa
fil:milliliter, milliliters
fr:millilitre, millilitres
he:מיליליטר, מיליליטרים
hi:मिलीलीटर, मिलीलीटर
hr:mililitra, mililitri
hu:milliliter, milliliter
id:milliliter, milliliter
is:millilítill, millilítill
it:millilitro, millilitri
ja:ミリリットル, ミリリットル
jv:milliliter, millilitra
ka:მილილიტრი, მილილიტრები
kk:миллилитр, миллилитрлер
km:មិល្លីឡីត្រ, មិល្លីឡីត្រ
ko:밀리리터, 밀리리터
lt:millilitras, millilitrai
lv:mililitrs, mililitri
mk:миллилитар, миллилитри
ml:മില്ലിലീറ്റർ, മില്ലിലീറ്റർകൾ
mr:मिलीलीटर, मिलीलीटर
ms:milliliter, milliliter
my:မီလီလီတာ, မီလီလီတာများ
ne:मिलिलिटर, मिलिलिटरहरू
nl:milliliter, milliliters
no:milliliter, millilitre
pl:Mililitr, Mililitrów
pt:millilitro, millilitros
ro:mililitru, mililitri
ru:миллилитр, миллилитры, мл
sk:milliliter, millilitre
sl:milliliter, millilitri
sq:milliliter, millilitra
sr:милилитар, милилитри
sv:milliliter, milliliter
sw:millilita, millilita
ta:மில்லிலிட்டர், மில்லிலிட்டர்கள்
te:మిల్లీలిటర్, మిల్లీలిటర్లు
th:มิลลิลิตร์, มิลลิลิตร์
tr:mililitre, mililitreler
uk:мілілітр, мілілітри
ur:ملی لیٹر, ملی لیٹرز
vi:millilit, millilit
zh:毫升, 毫升, 毫升
conversion_factor:en:1
standard_unit:en:ml

# Fluid ounces
xx:fl oz, floz, fl.oz, fl. oz, fl. oz., fl.oz.
en:fluid ounce, fluid ounces
ar:أونصة سائلة, أونصات سائلة
bg:у. унция, у. унции
bn:ফ্লুইড আউঞ্জ, ফ্লুইড আউঞ্জ
cs:unce tekutá, uncí tekutých
cy:owns lliw, ownsiau lliw
da:fluid ounce, fluid ounces
de:Fluidunze, Fluidunzen
el:υγρού ουγγιάς, υγρές ουγγιές
es:onza líquida, onzas líquidas
et:vedelikuunts, vedelikuuntse
fa:انس برابر, انس برابر
fi:nestetuumaa, nestetuumaa
fil:fluid ounce, fluid ounces
fr:once liquide, onces liquides
he:אונקיית נוזל, אונקיות נוזל
hi:फ्लूड औंस, फ्लूड औंस
hr:tekuća unca, tekuće unce
hu:fluid uncia, fluid uncia
id:fluid ounce, fluid ounces
is:vökvaúnsa, vökvaúnsur
it:oncia liquida, once liquide
ja:液量オンス, 液量オンス
jv:fluid ounce, fluid ounces
ka:ცივი უნცი, ცივი უნცები
kk:сұйық унция, сұйық унциялар
km:អ៊ុនស្ករទឹក, អ៊ុនស្ករទឹក
ko:액량 온스, 액량 온스
lt:skystasis uncijas, skystųjų uncijų
lv:šķidrā unce, šķidrās uncijas
mk:течна унца, течни унци
ml:ഫ്ലൂഡ് ഓൺസ്, ഫ്ലൂഡ് ഓൺസുകൾ
mr:फ्लुइड औंस, फ्लुइड औंस
ms:fluid ounce, fluid ounces
my:အရောင်အသွေး, အရောင်အသွေးများ
ne:फ्लुड औंस, फ्लुड औंसहरू
nl:fluid ounce, fluid ounces
no:fluid ounce, fluid ounces
pl:uncja płynna, uncje płynne
pt:onça líquida, onças líquidas
ro:uncie lichide, unții lichide
ru:жидкая унция, жидкие унции
sk:fluidová unca, fluidové unce
sl:tekoča unča, tekoče unče
sq:uncë e lëngshme, unca e lëngshme
sr:течна унца, течне унце
sv:fluid ounce, fluid ounces
sw:ownsi ya maji, ownsi za maji
ta:நீரின் ஆன்ஸ், நீரின் ஆன்ஸ்கள்
te:ఫ్లూడ్ ఆన్స్, ఫ్లూడ్ ఆన్సులు
th:ออนซ์ของของเหลว, ออนซ์ของของเหลว
tr:sıvı ons, sıvı ons
uk:рідка унція, рідкі унції
ur:فلوڈ آنس, فلوڈ آنسز
vi:ounce lỏng, ounce lỏng
zh:液盎司, 液盎司
conversion_factor:en:29.5735
standard_unit:en:ml

# Gallons
xx:gal, gals
en:gallon, gallons
ar:غالون, غالونات
bg:галон, галони
bn:গ্যালন, গ্যালন
cs:galon, galony
cy:galon, galwyn
da:gallon, gallons
de:Gallone, Gallonen
el:γαλόνι, γαλόνια
es:galón, galones
et:galloni, galloneid
fa:گالن, گالن‌ها
fi:gallona, gallonia
fil:gallon, mga gallon
fr:gallon, gallons
he:גלון, גלונים
hi:गैलन, गैलन
hr:galon, galoni
hu:gallon, gallonok
id:galon, galon
is:galloni, gallónur
it:gallone, galloni
ja:ガロン, ガロン
jv:gallon, gallon
ka:გალონი, გალონები
kk:галлон, галлондар
km:ហ្គាឡូន, ហ្គាឡូន
ko:갤런, 갤런
lt:galonas, galonai
lv:gallons, galoni
mk:галон, галони
ml:ഗാലൺ, ഗാലൺകൾ
mr:गॅलन, गॅलन
ms:galon, galon
my:ဂါလန်, ဂါလန်များ
ne:ग्यालन, ग्यालनहरू
nl:gallon, gallons
no:gallon, gallons
pl:galon, galony
pt:gallon, galões
ro:galon, galon
ru:галлон, галлоны
sk:galon, galóny
sl:galon, galoni
sq:gallon, gallonë
sr:галон, галони
sv:gallon, gallons
sw:galloni, galoni
ta:காலன், காலன்கள்
te:గాలన్, గాలన్లు
th:แกลลอน, แกลลอน
tr:gallon, gallon
uk:галон, галони
ur:گیلن, گیلنز
vi:gallon, gallon
zh:加仑, 加仑
conversion_factor:en:3785.41
standard_unit:en:ml

# Calories / Cal with a capital C is used as a synonym of kilocalories / kcal
 #Kilocalories and Calories
xx:kcal, kcals, kilocalories, Cal, Cals, Calories
en:kilocalorie, kilocalories, Calorie, Calories
ar:سعرة حرارية، سعرة حرارية، سعرة حرارية، سعرة حرارية
bg:килокалория, килокалории, калория, калории
bn:কিলোক্যালোরি, কিলোক্যালোরি, ক্যালোরি, ক্যালোরি
cs:kilokalorie, kilokalorie, kalorie, kalorie
cy:cilcalori, cilcaloriau, calori, caloriau
da:kilokalorie, kilokalorier, kalorie, kalorier
de:Kilokalorie, Kilokalorien, Kalorie, Kalorien
el:χιλιοθερμίδα, χιλιοθερμίδες, θερμίδα, θερμίδες
es:kilocaloría, kilocalorías, caloría, calorías
et:kilokalor, kilokalorid, kalor, kalorid
fa:کیلوکالری, کیلوکالری‌ها, کالری, کالری‌ها
fi:kilokalori, kilokalorit, kalori, kalorit
fil:kilokaloriya, mga kilokaloriya, kaloriya, mga kaloriya
fr:kilocalorie, kilocalories, calorie, calories
he:קילוקלורייה, קילוקלוריות, קלוריה, קלוריות
hi:किलोकैलोरी, किलोकैलोरी, कैलोरी, कैलोरी
hr:kilokalorija, kilokalorije, kalorija, kalorije
hu:kilokalória, kilokalóriák, kalória, kalóriák
id:kilokalori, kilokalori, kalori, kalori
is:kílókaloría, kílókaloríur, kaloría, kaloríur
it:chilocaloria, chilocalorie, caloria, calorie
ja:キロカロリー, キロカロリー, カロリー, カロリー
jv:kilokalori, kilokalori, kalori, kalori
ka:კილოკალორია, კილოკალორიები, კალორია, კალორიები
kk:килокалория, килокалориялар, калория, калориялар
km:គីឡូកាឡូរី, គីឡូកាឡូរី, កាឡូរី, កាឡូរី
ko:킬로칼로리, 킬로칼로리, 칼로리, 칼로리
lt:kilokalorija, kilokalorijos, kalorija, kalorijos
lv:kilokalorija, kilokalorijas, kalorija, kalorijas
mk:килокалорија, килокалории, калорија, калории
ml:കിലോകാലറി, കിലോകാലറികൾ, കലോറി, കലോറികൾ
mr:किलोकॅलरी, किलोकॅलरी, कॅलोरी, कॅलोरी
ms:kilokalori, kilokalori, kalori, kalori
my:ကီလိုက်ကယ်လိုက်, ကီလိုက်ကယ်လိုက်များ, ကယ်လိုက်, ကယ်လိုက်များ
ne:किलोक्यालोरी, किलोक्यालोरीहरू, क्यालोरी, क्यालोरीहरू
nl:kilocalorie, kilocalorieën, calorie, calorieën
no:kilokalori, kilokalorier, kalori, kalorier
pl:kilokaloria, kilokalorie, kaloria, kalorie
pt:kilocaloria, kilocalorias, caloria, calorias
ro:kilocalorie, kilocalorii, calorii, calorii
ru:килокалория, килокалории, калория, калории
sk:kilokalória, kilokalórie, kalória, kalórie
sl:kilokalorija, kilokalorije, kalorija, kalorije
sq:kilokalori, kilokalori, kalori, kalori
sr:килокалорија, килокалорије, калорија, калорије
sv:kilokalori, kilokalorier, kalori, kalorier
sw:kilokalori, kilokalori, kalori, kalori
ta:கிலோகலோரி, கிலோகலோரிகள், கலோரி, கலோரிகள்
te:కిలోకేలోరీ, కిలోకేలోరీలు, కేలరీ, కేలరీలు
th:กิโลแคลอรี่, กิโลแคลอรี่, แคลอรี่, แคลอรี่
tr:kilokalori, kilokalori, kalori, kalori
uk:килокалорія, кілокалорії, калорія, калорії
ur:کلوکیلوری, کلوکیلوریز, کیلوری, کیلوریز
vi:kilôcalo, kilôcalo, calo, calo
zh:千卡, 千卡, 卡, 卡
conversion_factor:en:4.184
standard_unit:en:kj

# Kilojoules
xx:kJ, kJs
en:kilojoule, kilojoules
ar:كيلوجول, كيلوجولات
bg:килоюл, килоюла
bn:কিলোজুল, কিলোজুল
cs:kilojoule, kilojouly
cy:ciljouls, ciljoulo
da:kilojoule, kilojoule
de:Kilojoule, Kilojoule
el:κιλοτζούλ, κιλοτζούλ
es:kilojulio, kilojulios
et:kilojoule, kilojouli
fa:کیلوژول, کیلوژول
fi:kilojoule, kilojoulea
fil:kilojoule, mga kilojoule
fr:kilojoule, kilojoules
he:קילוג'ול, קילוג'ולים
hi:किलोजूल, किलोजूल
hr:kilojoule, kilojoula
hu:kilojoule, kilojoule
id:kilojoule, kilojoule
is:kílójúll, kílójúlar
it:chilojoule, chilojoule
ja:キロジュール, キロジュール
jv:kilojoule, kilojoule
ka:კილოჯული, კილოჯულები
kk:килоджоуль, килоджоульдер
km:គីឡូជូល, គីឡូជូល
ko:킬로쥴, 킬로쥴
lt:kilojaulis, kilojauliai
lv:kilojouls, kilojouli
mk:килоџул, килоџули
ml:കിലോജൂൾ, കിലോജൂൾസ്
mr:किलोजूल, किलोजूल
ms:kilojoule, kilojoule
my:ကီလိုဂျူး, ကီလိုဂျူးများ
ne:किलोजुल, किलोजुलहरू
nl:kilojoule, kilojoule
no:kilojoule, kilojoule
pl:kilojoule, kilodżule
pt:kilojoule, kilojoules
ro:kilojoule, kilojouli
ru:килоюл, килоюлей
sk:kilojoule, kilojoule
sl:kilojoule, kilodžul
sq:kilojoule, kilojoule
sr:килоџул, килоџули
sv:kilojoule, kilojoule
sw:kilojoule, kilojoule
ta:கிலோஜூல், கிலோஜூல்கள்
te:కిలోజూల్, కిలోజూల్స్
th:กิโลจูล, กิโลจูล
tr:kilojoule, kilojoule
uk:кілоджоуль, кілоджоулі
ur:کلوجول, کلوجولز
vi:kilôjoule, kilôjoule
zh:千焦, 千焦
conversion_factor:en:1
standard_unit:en:kj

# Millimoles per liter
xx:mmol/l
en:mmol/l
ar:مليمول/لتر
bg:ммол/л
bn:মিমি/লি
cs:mmol/l
cy:millimol/liter
da:mmol/l
de:Millimol pro Liter
el:χιλιοστόμολ ανά λίτρο
es:mmol/l
et:mmol/l
fa:میلی مول بر لیتر
fi:mmol/l
fil:mmol/l
fr:mmol/l
he:מילימול לליטר
hi:मिलीमोल प्रति लीटर
hr:mmol/l
hu:mmol/l
id:mmol/l
is:mmol/l
it:mmol/l
ja:mmol/L
jv:mmol/l
ka:მილიმოლი/ლიტრი
kk:ммоль/л
km:មិល្លីមក្លូលីត្រ/លីត្រ
ko:mmol/L
lt:mmol/l
lv:mmol/l
mk:ммол/л
ml:മില്ലിമോൾ/ലിറ്റർ
mr:मिलीमोल प्रति लिटर
ms:mmol/l
my:မီလီမိုး/လီတာ
ne:मिलिमोल प्रति लिटर
nl:mmol/l
no:mmol/l
pl:mmol/l
pt:mmol/l
ro:mmol/l
ru:ммоль/л
sk:mmol/l
sl:mmol/l
sq:mmol/l
sr:ммол/л
sv:mmol/l
sw:mmol/l
ta:மில்லிமோல்/லிட்டர்
te:మిల్లీమోల్/లీటరు
th:mmol/L
tr:mmol/l
uk:ммоль/л
ur:ملی مول فی لیٹر
vi:mmol/l
zh:毫摩尔/升
conversion_factor:en:1
standard_unit:en:mmol/l

# Water hardness units
# Reference: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_water

# Moles per liter
xx:mol/l
en:mol/l
ar:مول/لتر
bg:мол/л
bn:মোল/লিটার
cs:mol/l
cy:mol/liter
da:mol/l
de:Mol pro Liter
el:μολ ανά λίτρο
es:mol/l
et:mol/l
fa:مول بر لیتر
fi:mol/l
fil:mol/l
fr:mol/l
he:מול לליטר
hi:मोल प्रति लीटर
hr:mol/l
hu:mol/l
id:mol/l
is:mól/l
it:mol/l
ja:モル/リットル
jv:mol/l
ka:მოლი/ლიტრი
kk:моль/л
km:ម៉ូល/លីត្រ
ko:몰/리터
lt:mol/l
lv:mol/l
mk:мол/л
ml:മോൾ/ലിറ്റർ
mr:मोल प्रति लिटर
ms:mol/l
my:မိုလ်/လီတာ
ne:मोल प्रति लिटर
nl:mol/l
no:mol/l
pl:mol/l
pt:mol/l
ro:mol/l
ru:моль/л
sk:mol/l
sl:mol/l
sq:mol/l
sr:мол/л
sv:mol/l
sw:mol/l
ta:மோல்/லிட்டர்
te:మోల్/లీటరు
th:มอล/ลิตร
tr:mol/l
uk:моль/л
ur:مول فی لیٹر
vi:mol/l
zh:摩尔/升
conversion_factor:en:1000
standard_unit:en:mol/l

# Parts per million
xx:ppm, parts per million
en:parts per million, parts per million
ar:جزء في المليون, جزء في المليون
bg:части на милион, части на милион
bn:পার্টস পার মিলিয়ন, পার্টস পার মিলিয়ন
cs:částic na milion, částic na milion
cy:rhanau fesul miliwn, rhanau fesul miliwn
da:dele pr. million, dele pr. million
de:Teile pro Million, ppm
el:μέρη ανά εκατομμύριο, μέρη ανά εκατομμύριο
es:partes por millón, partes por millón
et:osakest miljoni kohta, osakest miljoni kohta
fa:قسمت در میلیون, قسمت در میلیون
fi:osaa miljoonasta, osaa miljoonasta
fil:mga bahagi kada milyon, mga bahagi kada milyon
fr:parties par million, parties par million
he:חלקים למיליון, חלקים למיליון
hi:प्रति मिलियन भाग, प्रति मिलियन भाग
hr:dijelovi na milijun, dijelovi na milijun
hu:rész millióra, rész millióra
id:bagian per juta, bagian per juta
is:hlutar á milljón, hlutar á milljón
it:parti per milione, parti per milione
ja:百万分率, 百万分率
jv:bagéan saben juta, bagéan saben juta
ka:ნაწილები მილიონზე, ნაწილები მილიონზე
kk:миллион бөлшектеріне, миллион бөлшектеріне
km:ផ្ដាច់ក្នុងមួយលាន, ផ្ដាច់ក្នុងមួយលាន
ko:백만 분율, 백만 분율
lt:dalių milijono dalimi, dalių milijono dalimi
lv:daļas uz miljonu, daļas uz miljonu
mk:делови на милион, делови на милион
ml:ഒരു മില്ലിയൺ ഭാഗം, ഒരു മില്ലിയൺ ഭാഗം
mr:प्रति मिलियन भाग, प्रति मिलियन भाग
ms:bahagian setiap juta, bahagian setiap juta
ne:प्रति मिलियन भाग, प्रति मिलियन भाग
nl:delen per miljoen, delen per miljoen
no:deler per million, deler per million
pl:części na milion, części na milion
pt:partes por milhão, partes por milhão
ro:părți la milion, părți la milion
ru:частей на миллион, частей на миллион
sk:častí na milión, častí na milión
sl:delov na milijon, delov na milijon
sq:pjesë për milion, pjesë për milion
sr:delova na milion, delova na milion
sv:delar per miljon, delar per miljon
sw:vipande kwa milioni, vipande kwa milioni
ta:ஒரு மில்லியன் பகுதிகள், ஒரு மில்லியன் பகுதிகள்
te:ఒక మిలియన్ భాగం, ఒక మిలియన్ భాగం
th:ส่วนต่อล้าน, ส่วนต่อล้าน
tr:milyonda bir kısım, milyonda bir kısım
uk:часток на мільйон, часток на мільйон
ur:فی ملین حصہ, فی ملین حصہ
vi:phần triệu, phần triệu
zh:百万分之, 百万分之
conversion_factor:en:0.01
standard_unit:en:mmol/l

# Parts per billion
xx:ppb, parts per billion
en:parts per billion
ar:جزء في البليون
bg:части на милиард
bn:প্রতি বিলিয়ন অংশ
cs:miliarda dílů
cy:rhanau fesul biliwn
da:dele pr. miaard
de:Teile pro Milliarde
el:μέρη ανά δισεκατομμύριο
es:partes por mil millones
et:osakest miljardist
fa:قسمت در میلیارد
fi:osaa miljardista
fil:parts per billion
fr:parties par milliard
he:חלקים למיליארד
hi:प्रति बिलियन भाग
hr:dijelovi po milijardi
hu:milliárdodrész
id:bagian per miliar
is:hlutar á milljarði
it:parti per miliardo
ja:10億分の1
jv:bagéyan saben miliyar
ka:ნაწილები მილიარდში
kk:миллиард бөлшектеріне
km:ផ្ដល់ចំនួនក្រាមមួយចំនួនប៉ុណ្ណោះ
ko:10억분의 1
lt:dalių milijardyje
lv:daļas uz miljardu
mk:делови на милијарда
ml:ബില്യൺ ഭാഗങ്ങൾ
mr:प्रति बिलियन भाग
ms:bahagian setiap bilion
my:စာမျက်နှာတစ်ခုတည်းစီမံပါ
ne:प्रति बिलियन भाग
nl:deeltjes per miljard
no:del per milliard
pl:części na miliard
pt:partes por bilhão
ro:părți la miliard
ru:частей на миллиард
sk:častí na miliardu
sl:delov na milijardo
sq:pjesë për miliard
sr:делови на милијарду
sv:delar per miljard
sw:sehemu kwa bilioni
ta:பில்லியன் பகுதிகள்
te:ప్రతి బిలియన్ భాగాలు
th:ส่วนต่อพันล้าน
tr:milyarda bir kısım
uk:часток на мільярд
ur:پر بلین حصہ
vi:phần trên một tỷ
zh:十亿分之一
conversion_factor:en:0.00001
standard_unit:en:mmol/l

xx:mval/l
ar:مليفولت/لتر
bg:милливал на литър
bn:মিলিভাল প্রতি লিটার
cs:milivalů na litr
cy:millifoltdyddiau y llif
da:milival pr. liter
de:Millival pro Liter
el:χιλιοστά βαλ/λίτρο
en:milivals per liter
es:milivales por litro
et:milivali liitri kohta
fa:میلی ولت بر لیتر
fi:milivaleja litrassa
fil:mga milivals kada litro
fr:milivals par litre
he:מילי וולט לליטר
hi:प्रति लीटर मिलिवाल
hr:milivali po litri
hu:milival literenként
id:milival per liter
is:millival á lítra
it:milivali per litro
ja:ミリバル毎リットル
jv:milivals saben juta
ka:მილივალები ლიტრზე
kk:милливаль бөлшектеріне
km:មិនទាន់មាន
ko:밀리발/리터
lt:milivalų milijono dalimi
lv:milivali uz litru
mk:милливали по литар
ml:ഒരു മില്ലിവാൽസ് പ്രതിലിറ്റർ
mr:प्रति मिलिलीटर मिलिवाल
ms:milival setiap liter
ne:प्रति लिटर मिलिभाल
nl:milival per liter
no:milival per liter
pl:milivale na litr
pt:milivales por litro
ro:milivali pe litru
ru:милливалов на литр
sk:milivalov na milión
sl:milivalov na liter
sq:milival për litër
sr:milivali po litru
sv:milival per miljon
sw:milivals kwa milioni
ta:ஒரு மில்லிவால் ஒரு லிட்டரின் முன்னணி
te:ఒక లీటరు మిలివాల్స్‌లు
th:มิลลิวอลต์ต่อลิตร
tr:milival/litre
uk:міліваль на літр
ur:فی لیٹر ملی وال
vi:milival trên mỗi lít
zh:毫伏每升
conversion_factor:en:0.5
standard_unit:en:mmol/l

xx:gpg
ar:جرام كربونات الكالسيوم في الجالون
bg:грама въглеродатен калций на галон
bn:প্রতি গ্যালনে ক্যালসিয়াম কার্বোনেটের গ্রাম
cs:gramů uhličitanu vápenatého na galon
cy:gramau carbonad calchfwrdd ym mhob galwyn
da:gram kalciumkarbonat pr. gallon
de:Gramm Calciumcarbonat pro Gallone
el:γραμμάρια ανθρακικού ασβεστίου ανά γαλόνι
en:grams of calcium carbonate per gallon
es:gramos de carbonato de calcio por galón
et:grammi kaltsiumkarbonaati galloni kohta
fa:گرم کربنات کلسیم در گالن
fi:grammaa kalsiumkarbonaattia per gallona
fil:gram ng calcium carbonate kada galon
fr:grammes de carbonate de calcium par gallon
he:גרמים של קרבונט סידן לגלון
hi:प्रति गैलन कैल्शियम कार्बोनेट के ग्राम
hr:grama kalcijevog karbonata po galonu
hu:gramm kalcium-karbonát literenként
id:gram kalsium karbonat per galon
is:grömm kalsíumkarbónats á galloni
it:grammi di carbonato di calcio per gallone
ja:ガロンあたりの炭酸カルシウムのグラム数
jv:gram kalsium karbonat saben galon
ka:გრამი კალციუმ-კარბონატი გალონზე
kk:галлон бойынша кальций карбонаттың граммы
km:ក្រាមកាល្យស៊ីដ្រាមក្នុងមួយហាង
ko:갤런당 탄산 칼슘 그램
lt:gramų kalcio karbonato viename galone
lv:grami kalcija karbonāta uz galonu
mk:грама калциум карбонат на галон
ml:ഗാലൺ കാൽസിയം കാർബോണേറ്റിന്റെ ഗ്രാം
mr:प्रति गॅलन कॅल्शियम कार्बोनेटचे ग्राम
ms:gram kalsium karbonat setiap galon
my:ဂယ်လိုရီကိုဘယ်လိုရောက်လဲ
ne:प्रति ग्यालन क्याल्सियम कार्बोनेटको ग्राम
nl:gram calciumcarbonaat per gallon
no:gram kalsiumkarbonat per gallon
pl:gram węglanu wapnia na galon
pt:gramas de carbonato de cálcio por galão
ro:grame de carbonat de calciu pe galon
ru:грамм кальция карбоната на галлон
sk:gramov uhličitanu vápenatého na galón
sl:gramov kalcijevega karbonata na galon
sq:gram kalcium karbonati për gallon
sr:грама калцијум карбоната по галону
sv:gram kalciumkarbonat per gallon
sw:gramu la kaboneti ya kalsiamu kwa galoni
ta:கால்சியம் கார்போனேடு ஒரு கலனில் கிராமங்கள்
te:గ్యాలన్‌లో కార్బనేట్ కాల్సియం గ్రామాలు
th:กรัมของแคลเซียมคาร์บอเนตต่อแกลลอน
tr:gallon başına kalsiyum karbonat gramı
uk:грам кальцію карбонату на галон
ur:گیلن فی کیلشیم کاربونیٹ کے گرام
vi:gram canxi cacbonat trên mỗi galon
zh:每加仑碳酸钙的克数
conversion_factor:en:0.171
standard_unit:en:mmol/l

xx:dGH, °dH, °D
conversion_factor:en:0.1783
standard_unit:en:mmol/l

xx:°e, °Clark
conversion_factor:en:0.1424
standard_unit:en:mmol/l

xx:°fH, °f, °HF
conversion_factor:en:0.09991
standard_unit:en:mmol/l

xx:°rH
conversion_factor:en:0.025
standard_unit:en:mmol/l

xx:percent vol
symbol:en:% vol
conversion_factor:en:1
standard_unit:en:% vol

xx:percent vol (alcohol)
symbol:en:% vol (alcohol)
conversion_factor:en:1
standard_unit:en:% vol (alcohol)

xx:percent
symbol:en:%
conversion_factor:en:1
standard_unit:en:%

xx:pH
conversion_factor:en:1
standard_unit:en:pH

# % DV - % Daily Value
xx:percent dv
symbol:en:% dv
conversion_factor:en:1
standard_unit:en:% dv


# International unit
xx:iu
ar:وحدة دولية
bg:международна единица
bn:আন্তর্জাতিক একক
cs:mezinárodní jednotka
cy:uned ryngwladol
da:international enhed
de:Internationale Einheit
el:διεθνής μονάδα
en:international unit
es:unidad internacional
et:rahvusvaheline ühik
fa:واحد بین‌المللی
fi:kansainvälinen yksikkö
fil:international unit
fr:unité internationale
he:יחידה בינלאומית
hi:अंतर्राष्ट्रीय इकाई
hr:međunarodna jedinica
hu:nemzetközi egység
id:unit internasional
is:alþjóðleg eining
it:unità internazionale
ja:国際単位
jv:unit internasional
ka:საერთაშორისო ერთეული
kk:Әлемдік бірлік
km:ឯកតាអន្តរជាតិ
ko:국제 단위
lt:tarpinė vienetai
lv:starptautiskā vienība
mk:меѓународна единица
ml:അന്താരാഷ്ട്ര യൂണിറ്റ്
mr:अंतरराष्ट्रीय एकक
ms:unit antarabangsa
my:အပြည်ပြည်ဆိုင်းအခြေအနေ
ne:अन्तर्राष्ट्रिय इकाई
nl:internationale eenheid
no:internasjonal enhet
pl:jednostka międzynarodowa
pt:unidade internacional
ro:unitate internațională
ru:международная единица
sk:medzinárodná jednotka
sl:mednarodna enota
sq:njësia ndërkombëtare
sr:међународна јединица
sv:internationell enhet
sw:kiwango cha kimataifa
ta:சர்வதேச அலகு
te:అంతర్జాతీయ యూనిట్
th:หน่วยนานาชาติ
tr:uluslararası birim
uk:міжнародна одиниця
ur:بین الاقوامی اکائی
vi:đơn vị quốc tế
zh:国际单位
conversion_factor:en:1
standard_unit:en:iu